Chapter Xl. 1970 – 1979
1970.  Annual General Meeting.
At this meeting most of the officers were re-elected.  David Locker relinquished the Chairmanship in favour of R.H. Nuttall, and Peter Wells succeeded George Beech as captain of the Grasshoppers.  C.T. Groves, who had become Hon Sec of the Association, was replaced by M. Black as Hon sec with Peter Yates the Assistant.
A loss of £105 was reported by the Hon Treasurer, Geoff Pritchett, on the previous season.
Obituary - G.W. Beech.
George Beech had skippered the Grasshoppers for all, except one, of the past ten years, and had done a great job, in his fatherly way, for this important team.  Popular, both with his own side and with opponents, it was a happy team throughout his leadership, and though the playing statistics were not particularly outstanding this was not the essential part of his job.  The principal function for the skipper of this team was to provide enjoyment for the players and to give every encouragement to the younger and promising members, all of which George did well.
Warwick Tidy was one of the latter and within three years found himself doing well in the Warwickshire side.  Nor must it be overlooked that George was no mean cricketer himself for besides distinguishing himself in the batting and bowling averages most seasons he had also figured well in higher company in earlier years.  Muriel, his wife, acted as scorer for many years, and was also a tower of strength to the Club in numerous other ways.
Annual Dinner 1970.
Peter Parfitt, England Test cricketer and Captain of Middlesex C.C.C. was the Guest of Honour at the Annual Dinner held, for possibly the last time, at the Parson and Clerk. This hotel had served the Club well for the past eleven years but with the approaching completion of the new pavilion it was expected that future functions would be held there. Gordon Thompson, too, was retiring from the organisation of the dinner which, under his guidance, had been such a successful affair and was always graced by a capacity attendance.
1st X1.
With Martin Bloomer again captain, 18 of the 41 matches were won with 10 drawn, 13 lost and 1 tied.  Martin Bloomer (ave. 35) and Michael Dixon (ave. 33) both topped a thousand runs and were the mainstay of the batting.  The former scored a fine 159 against Walsall, whilst the latter continued to make excellent progress as an opening batsman, with one century to his credit.  Warwick Tidy, though required by the County during the week, was available on most Sundays and performed successfully with the ball.
At the season's end he was awarded the Sir Frank Worrell Trophy for the most promising young cricketer in the country, a great honour.  To commemorate the occasion the Club presented him with a Tankard.  Tom Jameson, brother of the Warwickshire player, proved himself a good all-rounder with an average of 27 (one century) and 37 wickets.
Weather - 1970.
After a very wet May, the weather was exceptionally good for the remainder of the season.
2nd Xl.
The main feature about this team was that whilst they were able to score a lot of runs, they were unable to dismiss their opponents. R. Bradshaw (42), A. Couchman (32), and Gavin Weston (30) topped the averages, with John Maynard close behind and scoring most runs, 866, with an average of 29.  Joe Holman secured most wickets.
The first of these is unavoidable, but (b) and (c) can be averted to a large extent by good management, whereby all players are given as near equality as possible, which fact also has the tendency to attract new members.
New Pavilion.
As previously mentioned, work had commenced the previous autumn and had continued throughout, the winter months, but through inevitable delays, weather, surface drainage and other problems, the building was not complete for the opening of the season.  The Pavilion was usable but in a somewhat chaotic state, but the Club muddled through to the end of May 1970 by which time it was seasonably presentable, though a lot of finishing touches were still necessary.
Members of both the cricket and hockey clubs made a big effort to complete in time for the opening ceremony.
The Official Opening.
The Official Ceremony took place on the evening of Friday July 25th 1970.  Edmund H. King, Chairman of Warwickshire C.C.C, and a man who had distinguished himself in earlier times by playing both cricket and hockey for the County, was invited to perform the ceremony.  Amidst a large gathering, Arthur Spencer, President of the Hockey Club, after apologizing for the absence of the President of the Association of the two clubs – cricket and hockey, Mr.  Norman Sharp, who was ill in hospital, and he welcomed Mr. King, the guests, and members, and invited Mr. King to "cut the tape".  In his address Mr. King recalled the pleasures he had had in games on the ground and congratulated the Club on its enterprise and wished the Association every success.
Amongst the invited guests were the Mayor and Mayoress, Alderman and Mrs. H.J.C. Musgrave, a number of notabilities in the Town. officials of Warwickshire C.C.C, Warwickshire Hockey Association, Midlands Club Cricket Conference, Members of the Press, and members and friends of many clubs.
The evening concluded with the presentation of a tankard to Charles Grove, Hon secretary of the Association, in recognition of his work and invaluable services towards the huge undertaking.
(A tape recording of the speeches was made and is in the possessions of the, Hon Secretary).
There still remained much to be done in the enclosure and surrounding areas, and these were tackled in due course.  Paving slabs were laid and most of the area was turfed in the Autumn – the cost of which was kindly borne by Joe Holman, a playing member.
Bob Wilkinson took on Pat Bowerbank's self-imposed task of tending the roses and flower beds.
Hawks, Grasshoppers.
These teams had average seasons with no distinguishing features.  Graham Tidy averaged 29 for the Grasshoppers.
Owls Xl
Due to a decline in the playing membership the Owls were unable to honour their fixtures and all were cancelled at the beginning of the season.  This state of affairs does not redound to the credit of a club.  Players resign from clubs from three main causes: -
(a) Leaving the district,
(b) Being given insufficient games, and
(c) Costs.
Festival Shield Final of 1970.
Water Orton defeated Walmley in the Final.
Lower Ground Pavilion Fire.
In the autumn extensive damage was caused to the lower ground pavilion by a fire - the work of vandals.  The Insurance Company met a claim for £800.
P.E.S. Bowerbank.
In the late Summer Pat Bowerbank left the district to take up an appointment in Surrey. As an Hon. Life Member, he automatically maintained his connection with the Club, but he was greatly missed both for his personality and for the improvements he had made on the ground during his twenty-one years.  He, too, was sorry to leave Sutton for he loved Rectory Park and the memories associated with it.
Obituaries.  F. Bernard Clark.
As recorded earlier in these pages "Bengy" C1ark was one of the finest all-round cricketers the club has ever had.  As a fast medium seam bowler swinging late in flight both ways he was feared by most club batsmen.  He resided at Aldridge and therefore did not qualify for a First-Class County but was a regular with the Staffordshire side.  He secured over a thousand wickets in the days before Sunday play - best performance 10 for 35 against Yardley in 1914.  He also made well over. 10,000 runs, and in his more active days he was a brilliant cover point.  His membership covered a span of 62 years, including that of one of the Trustees.
Paul I. Terry.
Much has also been written earlier about Paul Terry. Son of former President, A.E. Terry, he was elected an Hon. Life Member in 1952 for his outstanding services to the Club as Hon secretary during and after the extremely difficult days of the Second World War.  He was much more than an Hon Secretary, and he was largely responsible for keeping the Club in existence.  But for him, and his foresight, it is quite on the cards there may not have been a Sutton Coldfield C.C. at Rectory Park today.
Apart from his administrative ability he was a very good left arm slow bowler with a most outstanding achievement of taking 5 wickets for 0 runs against Pickwick, which included a "hat trick" in his first over claiming batsmen No’s 1, 2, and 3.  Usually a number eleven batsman by his own choosing he was no mean performer with the bat and figures in the Club Records by participating in the record partnership for the 8th wicket with A.F. Leighton in 1928.  His eighteen-year illness was borne with great fortitude.  The New Pavilion clock was erected in his memory.
1971 & the Costs of a New Pavilion.
In a financial statement early in the New Year the Association Hon Treasurer, Peter Cadman, reported that costs to date amounted to £15,752 with a further expenditure on furnishings and equipment of £617, making a total of £16,369.
Annual Dinner 1971.
The first event of note was the Annual Dinner held in the new pavilion for the first time. Outside caterers were engaged and the affair was voted a success, M.J.K. Smith, the former England and Warwickshire captain, was the Guest of Honour, supported by the Chairman of the Warwickshire Supporters Association Edgar N. Hiley.
Annual General Meeting 1971.
The Hon secretary's report paid tribute to the ladies who had not only raised a lot of funds towards the new pavilion but had also made the excellent profit of £100 on Teas. Norman Sharp was re-elected President with R. (Bob) H. Nuttall, Chairman., Peter Yates and Geoff Pritchett Hon secretary and treasurer respectively.  Bob Nuttall succeeded Pat Bowerbank as Hon Ground Secretary, and Graham Tidy was elected to the General Committee.
In place of Martin Bloomer, Roger Coombs was elected 1st Xl Captain with James McDowell as his Vice Captain. Geoff Pritchett remained Captain of the 2nd team whilst B.H. King became leader of the Hawks and Peter Wells continued in charge of the Grasshoppers.
The Association had taken over the main secretarial and financial affairs with Charles Groves and Peter Cadman Hon sec and treasurer respectively, and as a result the duties of the cricket officials became somewhat less arduous since they were only concerned with day to day running of the club.  Dealing only with cricket matters.
A. Spencer.
In accordance with the policy of the Association of changing the President each year, Arthur Spencer was elected President of Association in succession to Norman Sharp. Earlier, he had been elected to fill the vacancy of Trustee caused by the death of F.B. Clark.
As Country Representative for Sutton Coldfield on the Committee of the Warwickshire C.C.C. for the past twenty-five years Norman Sharp was unable to continue with the responsibilities attached to the office and the County Committee elected Arthur Spencer to fill the vacancy.
Groundsman. A.M.C.  Harvey and R. Bradshaw.
Alex Harvey who had come-to the Club as groundsman in 1953 had now reached pensionable age and he decided it was time for him to retire.  The rigorous of outdoor work in all weathers were causing the aches and pains often associated with work of this nature. He had proved himself a very loyal and trustworthy servant of the Club and seldom had he failed to be on hand when required - a fact perhaps sufficiently not appreciated.  After tiring days at the week-ends he would assist in the bar until late in the evening.  The Club was sorry to lose the services of this popular character and he was the recipient of a handsome Testimonial on his retirement.
Richard Bradshaw, a playing member of several years standing and an ex-pupil of John Wilmott G.S. applied for the job and was engaged.  Though inexperienced he showed keenness and with Alex Harvey on hand to give advice he soon picked up the rudiments of the work.
Loan Stock Holders Prize Draw.
The first annual drawfor the Association holders of Loan Stock was made in May and prizes were won by A. Spencer, J. Oakley, A. Walters, and P. Cadman.
Gala.
Cricket fixtures had not been arranged for Saturday July 3rd in order that members should be available to give assistance to the activities of a "Gala Day" arranged by the Association to raise funds.  There were a number of attractions including a Donkey Derby, Target Golf, Treasure Hunt, etc.  It turned out to be a very warm and sunny day and a good crowd helped to swell the funds to the extent of a few hundred pounds. However, it must be considered as a criminal act to day (in the year 2,000) to have competition on who can smash up a piano and pass it through an 18-inch diameter ring the quickest.
Knock Out Cricket.
A number of local knock out competitions of 20 overs a side were held throughout the season, some of which the Club entered but failed to have much success.
Sutton News Cup 1971.
This was a new competition sponsored by the Sutton Goldfield News, and invitations were extended to sixteen of the leading Midland clubs.  Peter Bell was the instigator in obtaining many of the Birmingham League clubs to enter a team including West Bromwich Dartmouth; Old Hill; Smethwick; Walsall; & Aston Unity; with senior umpires who umpired in the Birmingham League being appointed.
To introduce the umpires Peter Bell wrote a weekly article for the Sutton Coldfield News titled “The Man in the Middle” and a small gift was given to the "Man of the Match" in each game played.  The Final between Aston Unity and Knowle & Dorridge turned out to be a one-sided affair as the latter club, due to the club's tour that week, were only able to put out a much-weakened team. Aston Unity C.C. was however a worthy winner and became the first club to receive the News Cup from Dennis Amiss, the Warwickshire and England batsman.
Festival Shield 1971.
This competition had been running for twenty years.  Originated by the Town Council for competition by local clubs.  It was won by Highcroft Hospital who defeated Streetly in the
Final. (S.C.C.C. did not enter).
Birmingham League Cup.
A side entered by Sutton was defeated in the first round.
Walmley C.C. K.O.
A Sutton Xl did slightly better in this, but failed to reach the Final.
National Knock Out.
It was unfortunate the Club did not enter for this premier club competition for the Derrick Robins trophy together with the honour of playing at Lords in the Final, if fortunate enough to reach it.
League Cricket.
Non-competitive cricket had been played by the Club for over 120 years, and never at any time, had there been any desire to enter into league cricket.  In fact, over the years, invitations to join the Birmingham League had been declined on a number of occasions.
It seemed a pity, therefore, that a few members, on their own initiative, decided to enter into a league.  Surely such a decision was very unconstitutional and not for them but a matter for the Club to decide in General Meeting.  But, here does not even appear to be a reference to a decision in the Clubs Minute Book either by the Committee or the Club.  However, the Midland Club Cricket Championship was born to commence in the 1972 season and would be sponsored by Willis Faber and Sutton C.C.C. were in.
In the writer's belief the 'few' followed, somewhat blindly, a few personalities who were keen to try out this form of the game, without being experienced in, or realizing the disadvantages that might ensue.  The writer has played both league (not to be confused with knock out) and non-competitive week end cricket, and is of the firm opinion that there is more enjoyment, and fewer "incidents" in the latter.  A list of these disadvantages (too long to detail here) should be on the Hon secretary's files, and only time will tell whether or not league cricket will prove the more popular.  Nevertheless, the Midland Club Cricket Championship was born with the sponsorship of Willis Favour
Umpires.
The Midlands C.C.C. Umpires Section was gradually diminishing in numbers attending meetings, due largely to the distance many had to travel to the hub of activities in Birmingham.  Accordingly, groups were formed in different localities and Peter Bell successfully organised meetings in and around Sutton, as a Midland section of the national association of the Association of Cricket Umpires under the banner of the “Sutton Coldfield & District Association of Cricket Umpires”.
Sutton Coldfield Rugby Football Club.
Towards the close of the year the General Council were becoming somewhat alarmed about the financial position of the Association, though actual figures were not available.
A further approach to join the Association was made by the Sutton Coldfield Rugby Football Club.  The previous negotiations fell through because the Rugby Club's demands were not acceptable to the Cricket and Hockey (see notes of 1967).  Provided all clubs are in harmony and remain so there could be distinct advantages in such an alliance.  But no club should ever be in the position to dictate policy.
An early set back was the refusal by the Parks and Open Spaces Committee (by one vote) to remove five trees from the site of the proposed rugby pitch.
Harold E Robinson (player, scorer, umpire) A Great Club Man!
S.C.C.C. Club’s historian, Peter Bell has recently come across a number of letters exchanged between Harold Robinson and Norman Sharp, which Norman had received from Harold Edward Robinson, a SCCC player in the early 1900’s. The contents of the letters cover a period of 60 years from 1908 to 1968.
Harold was born in 1908 in Sutton Coldfield and living close to the Boot Public House, Rectory Park became his playground. Prior to 1950 the entrance to the Park was a footpath from Riland Road, and another opposite the main entrance to Good Hope Hospital. With the advent of the motor car, a top gate provided the entrance to the cricket ground, and small boys from Boot Hill including Harold earned a few coppers by manning the gate. The ‘gate’ boys helped the opposition carry their bags to and from the ground. One penny among a dozen boys bought a bagful of buns from Bromwich’s! ‘What a feast’ quoted Harold.
In the early 'nineteen twenties' Harold made himself useful in the pavilion by doing a lot of odd jobs including putting the numbers on the score board and scoring for the 2nd and “A” teams. He showed promise of being a useful cricketer, but had an accident in 1926 losing his right arm when falling between a moving train and the platform. In 1927 Eustace Felton the 1st X1 scorer retired, and Harold took over. A few years later, Jack Garland, the 1st team umpire, retired and Harold then became the Club umpire.
At the outbreak of World War II, Harold moved south, and when cricket resumed in 1945, he quickly became one of the leading umpires in the South when he joined Malden Wanderers in the London area where the famous Bedser twins started their cricketing careers. Harold was invited by MCC to go on to the 1st Class list but he had already agreed to join Col Reihe Kent and the ‘Band of Brothers’. Harold was the first non-Kentish man to stand for ‘The Band of Brothers’, now known as ‘Free Foresters’ of Kent. Harold umpired with Jack Hobbs and Frank Woolley and was also a junior football referee taking charge of a n England Vs Scotland Schoolboy International at Wembley.
Harold was held in high regard at Lords and was involved with Tom Smith (Chairman) and Douglas Jardine (President) in setting up the Association of Cricket Umpires (ACU) in 1953.
Harold last visited Sutton in 1968 when his second son was running in the National Cross Country Championship in Sutton Park. Peter Bell had the pleasure of meeting Harold during the tea interval when umpiring with the Sutton Coldfield 1st XI. Norman Sharp and Harold Robinson remained life-long friends and communicated by letter regularly until Harold’s death in 1971.
1972 Annual General Meeting
With the financial affairs now under the control of the Association it was not necessary for the Hon treasurer to produce any detailed Accounts, and this enabled the A.G.M., to be brought forward to a date nearer to the end of a season.  This meeting had been held towards the end of 1971. Most of the Officers were re-elected, the only changes being Mike Moore to skipper the Hawks, Charles Groves to Ground Sec, and Les Smethurst replaced Paul McCarthy as Fixture Secretary.
Annual Dinner 1972.
The first notable event of the year was the Annual Dinner, again held in the pavilion.  The Warwickshire Secretary, Leslie T. Deakin, was the principal speaker, supported by Geoffrey Piddock, a Warwickshire Committee member, who responded for the guests. Other speakers were Roy Catt and Richard Sperryn.
Association Annual General Meeting.
R.M. Wilkinson was elected to the Presidency of the combined clubs, the Sutton Coldfield Cricket and Hockey Club, in succession to Arthur Spencer.
Gala.
As in the previous year a Gala Day, which included a Donkey Derby and other attractions, was held on a Saturday in July for the sole purpose of raising money for the Association. The Mayor, Councillor Mrs. M. Carpenter and her Consort, attended, but, unfortunately, the weather proved most unkind and considerably restricted the attendance.  Nevertheless, despite heavy rain, quite a number braved the elements and a profit of around £300, largely due to the pre-sale of programs, was made.
The Season.
A depressing start was made, resulting in many of the fixtures to the end of May being rained off. Thereafter it was better but on the whole a poor summer.
1st X1,
The team had a poor season, winning only eight of the forty matches played.  Eleven were lost, and the remaining twenty-one, were drawn.  The 'Cricketer of the Year' was undoubtedly Michael Dixon, who had developed into a fine opening batsman, and scored 1,278 runs.  With youth on his side, he should prove a big thorn in the flesh of opposition bowlers for many years to come.  Bowling honours went to Simon Berry with 53 wickets, a performance which augured well for this teen age cricketer.
2nd Xl.
The Second eleven did very little better than their seniors, winning eleven of their thirty-seven completed matches.  Fifteen were lost, and eleven drawn.  Gavin Weston, though handicapped through illness for a large part of the season, topped the batting averages with 30, followed by John Maynard who made 600 runs, (ave. 26).
Hawks & Grasshoppers.
There were no outstanding personalities or performances in these teams, but, as previously observed, statistics are unimportant.  The essential point is the enjoyment of the cricket by all concerned.  David Alford averaged over 30, and Charles Groves took 48 wickets for the Grasshoppers.
Cricket Week.
To celebrate the 125th Anniversary of the club's Foundation, a week of cricket was held at the Rectory Park in August.  On the Tuesday there was a splendid game with Pat Bowerbank's Xl which was comprised of former Sutton players.  A strong Sutton News team from local clubs was too good for a weak Sutton team on the Wednesday.  The following day the Midlands Club Cricket Conference played their annual fixture with the MCC, whilst on Friday the Presidents Xl, consisting of vintage cricketers of Midland clubs, was narrowly defeated in an exciting finish.
Knock Out Cricket.
This type of game was again much in evidence during the longer evenings and many exciting finishes were witnessed. The Sutton News Cup was won by Knowle & Dorridge, finalists for the second year in succession, who defeated Old Hill.
League Cricket.
The second year of this competition amongst the leading Midland clubs did not arouse the enthusiasm some of the advocates of this type of cricket predicted.  Little apparent interest was shown by either players or spectators and very few seemed to have any knowledge of the state of the league table.  Towards the season's end a list of the placing’s was circulated with Wolverhampton and Moseley Ashfield at the top with Sutton near the bottom. Whether or not this experiment in club cricket has come to stay remains to be seen, but if no greater interest accrues one feels it will die a natural death.  One certain fact emerges that older members of clubs who have met in friendly rivalry for many years are opposed to this type of game.
A few observations may be of interest.  Of 20 'Championship' fixtures marked on the fixture list Sutton won only one. 21 matches out of 40 (52%) were drawn, excluding cancelled and abandoned games.  This was by far the highest number in one season in the club's history.
A comparison with the previous ten years shows that 400 matches were played producing 125 draws (31%).  The figures tend to indicate that since the advent of league cricket a 'safety first' policy exists, and that the depriving of points to the opposition is preferable to losing a close and enjoyable match - surely not in the true spirit of club cricket.  Apart from the two clubs mentioned above it is believed others had similar results.
Juniors.
A healthy omen for the future lay in the number of promising youngsters who played in the club's teams.  As many as eight teenagers represented the County's junior elevens at various levels.  Amongst them were John Maynard's two boys Steve and Chris and Simon Berry.
Barry Keith Gardom.
The outstanding 'Young Cricketer of the Year' in 1972 was, without doubt, Keith Gardom.  A product of Bishop Vesey's Grammar School he had been under the watchful eyes of knowledgeable people in the game for several years.  Born in Birmingham on 31st December 1952 he was not available for Sutton very often because of school commitments but nevertheless Keith had several good matches with both bat and ball for the 1st Xl.  He was selected for the England Young Cricketers side to tour in the West Indies in July and had a number of good performances.  Later, he was chosen as the most promising young cricketer of the year, and the Cricket Society honoured him at their Annual Dinner by presenting Keith with their trophy. At the end of the season, he was engaged as a professional on the staff of Warwickshire C.C.C.
B.K. Gardom.
Keith, as a right-handed batsman, who bowled leg breaks and googlies and was a useful wicket keeper when called upon.  He made his first-class debut for Warwickshire against Cambridge University in 1973.  He made sixteen further first-class appearances for the county, the last of which came against Essex in the 1974 County Championship.  In his seventeen first-class matches, he scored a total of 427 runs at an average of 18.56, with a high score of 79 not out.  This score, which was one of two first-class fifties he made, came against Surrey in 1974.
With the ball, he took 17 wickets at a bowling average of 41.17, with best figures of 6/139. These figures, which were his only five wicket haul, came against Essex in 1974.
His List “A” debut came in the 1973 John Player League against Somerset, with Keith making four further List “A” appearances, though without success.
However, the call of the family business was too much and Keith declined to accept any contract extension although the County made every effort to persuade Keith to make County Cricket his career.
Rejoining Sutton Keith had a number of very noteworthy performances in 1973 Against Nuneaton he scored 129 not out and 101 against Solihull.  In 1977 he finished the season with 784 runs averaging just over 25 and in 1978 against Harborne he scored 109.
He also managed to take a considerable number of wickets; in 1977 he took 49 wickets at an average of 15.0 and in 1979 against Bromsgrove he took 6 for 139 and in the 1980 season against Barnt Green Keith took 5 wickets at a cost of 34 runs.
Keith still managed to captain the 1st team in the 1973 and 74 seasons.
D. Cockle.
The local press made reference to the retirement of Dudley Cockle, a former Sutton member.  Upon his return to civilian life after completing his service with the RAF, he became coach at King Edward's School, Birmingham.  He was a very good left arm bowler and useful batsman, and at one time played regularly for his native Wiltshire.
Umpires.
The local umpires section formed the previous year, had now become attached to the Association of Cricket Umpires, based in London and the leading organisation of its kind, and under the guidance of Peter Bell, was fast becoming a valued part of the game.
Meetings were well attended and instruction classes and examinations for new recruits were held.
Social.
Throughout the year, and particularly during the autumn and winter evenings, numerous social activities continued to be organised, and with pavilion lettings to outside organisations on the increase the financial affairs of the Association were beginning to look healthier.
Annual General Meeting for the 1973 Season.
The A G M took place in late October and a number of changes were made in the officers for the ensuing year.  R.H. Nuttall retired from the Chairmanship but remained on the Committee. He was succeeded by David Alford.  Neil Houghton became Hon Sec, and Captaincy changes involved were Michael Dixon to replace Roger Coombs with Gavin Weston as his deputy. Andy Beach took over the 2nd team, and B Turner the Hawks.
Warwickshire C.C.C.
Jamie McDowell was elected to the Committee of the County club.
Parish Magazine.
During the year the writer was handed an extract from the Church Parish Magazine of 1869, and reported in that year.  It had obviously been inserted by the rector at that time, the Rev. W.K.R. Bedford, and read, "A Meeting of the Cricket Club, convened by Circular, will take place on Wednesday, November 3 at 7pm at the Town Hall, for the purpose of taking into consideration the necessary measures for putting into order the Rectory Ground, which is again offered for the use of this club".  (It will be remembered the Town Hall was in Mill Street at that time, and that the Rector had been away from the Town for three years.)
Obituaries - E. H. Walters
After a membership of nearly fifty years Ted Walters passed away suddenly in the early summer.  He learned a lot of his cricket at Oundle School where, as a wicketkeeper/batsman he was selected for the Rest against the Lord’s Schools at Lord’s.
He was a member of several clubs, including the MCC, and played on occasions for Warwickshire 2nd, but his main loyalty was with Sutton, for whom he rendered invaluable service. From 1930 to 1940 he proved himself an excellent Hon Sec, which, at that time, embraced supervision of the groundsman and all matters appertaining to the running of the club.  He captained the 1st Team in 1931 and 1932, was a fine middle order batsman with several centuries to his credit, and invariably held a high place in the averages, with 1928 as his best season (ave. 41).  Although an excellent wicketkeeper he was generally compelled to take a back seat in this capacity because of other fine keepers in the club.  After war service he did not play very frequently but still maintained a keen interest.  When the new pavilion was being planned his advice in both practical and professional spheres proved invaluable, and he
made an extremely handsome donation to the Appeal Fund.  He was the son of a former Life Member, R.S. Walters, for many years the President of the Hockey Club.
Obituary - F. Styles.
Active both mentally and physically until his death at the age of 92, Frank Styles passed away at his home at Borth-y-Gest, North Wales.  Retiring to his beloved Snowdonia in 1940 but retained his association with the club as an Hon Life Member, through his visits understandably became more infrequent, but to him were very nostalgic. He was not a player of outstanding ability, but he loved his cricket, the Rectory Park, and all things associated with the game. Captain of the 'A' Team from 1931 to 1933, he, more often than not, had to make last minute excursions to friends around the town in order to complete his team (not many people were in telephonic communication in those days).  As mentioned on earlier pages, he was largely responsible for the erection of the lower ground pavilion on its present site.  He was Hon Treasurer of the club from 1929 to 1938.  He was a J.P. in the town and manager of the High Street branch of the Midland Bank.
J. I. Wells.
A vice president of about twenty years standing, and father of Peter Wells, the captain of the Grasshoppers.
1973 & The Dinner.
As has now become customary the first event of the year of any importance is the Annual Dinner.  This was again held in the pavilion and graced by Alan Oakman, the former Sussex and England all-rounder, and currently the head of coaching for Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
The Cheshire and Minor Counties captain, F.W. Millett, also honoured the gathering by responding to the toast of "The Guests".
W. Leslie Jones.
Though Leslie Jones had not been at all well for several months his sudden death a few days before he was due to preside at the twenty fifth anniversary Celebration Dinner of the Midlands Club Cricket-Conference, came as a tremendous shock to all Midland cricketers.  It was he who founded the Conference in 1947 and during its entire existence he had been the only Hon Secretary.  Under his guidance it had grown from a small membership to nearly seven hundred clubs throughout the Midland counties, and it was largely through his organising ability, drive, and personality, that club cricket in the area had derived such enormous benefits.  Also, largely through his influence as a committee member of the Warwickshire C.C.C. Supporters Association, the Sutton club had been the recipients of several grants over the years from that source, - Lower Ground Pavilion, £400, Gang Mower, £150, New Pavilion, £500, and an interest free loan of £1,000 towards the new pavilion.  As a cricketer Leslie was a useful opening batsman with Harborne C.C.
It was at about this time, too, that the writer resigned from the Conference Committee on account of ill health.  Like Leslie Jones he had served on the Committee for twenty-five years during which time he had held numerous offices, including those of President, Chairman, Hon Tours Sec, etc.
Association Annual General Meeting 1973.
At the First Annual General Meeting of the Cricket and Hockey Clubs Association all the principal officers were re-elected with the addition of R.D. Sperryn as Chairman for a period of three years.  This and other amendments to the constitution were designed to give continuity of policy and improved liaison between the General Council and the Constituent Clubs.
The Hon treasurer reported that a satisfactory year had resulted in an excess of Income over Expenditure of £796,
Gala.
This, in conjunction with the “Donkey Derby” again proved to be an excellent way of raising fund, and with the weather being kinder than the previous year a handsome profit was made on the day.
1st Xl Cricket.
For several years the game had been unable to get off to a good start on account of bad weather conditions during April and May.  This year was no exception, but after early disappointments the summer turned out to be a good one for cricket.
Under the leadership of Mike Dixon, the 1st Xl had a satisfactory season and with a number of young players in the team; the prospects for the future looked bright.  Mike Dixon, himself, had an outstanding season, and happily the cares of captaincy did not appear to weigh too heavily upon him as is so often the case, particularly in the first year.  He proved himself a good leader but it was his prolific run scoring ability that made him one of the outstanding batsmen in Midlands’ club cricket.
Michael created a new club record in making 1,630 runs, exceeding, Brian. Clewer’s previous record of 1,472 in 1959, which included 44 sixes and Michael also completed the most centuries in a season (4 in total): 101 runs not out at Aston Unity; 115 runs at home to Harborne; 140 runs at home to Bromsgrove; 125 runs not out at home to Little Aston Stragglers.
Keith Gardom, although undergoing training on the Warwickshire staff, was fortunately not available most weekends.  He, also, had an excellent season with the bat making two centuries and taking a number of wickets with his leg spinners.  He received his baptism in the First-class game against Cambridge University, but it is hoped it may not be long before he becomes a regular member of the Warwickshire 1st Xl.
Keith Gardom scored two centuries, a 129 runs not out away at Nuneaton and 101 runs away at Solihull, while Chris Barber chipped in with a century with 112 runs away at the August Bank Holiday Day game at Mosley Ashfield.  It is worth noting that seven 100 in a season was a 1st team record, beating the previous record of six in 1928.
Chris Barber and Neil Houghton, both acquitted themselves well and could be relied upon to play important parts in batting and bowling.
Warwick Tidy, also on the county staff, did not live up to the reputation he acquired the previous year but it is hoped his earlier form will be regained in the near future.
Harborne at Rectory Park
An exciting match with Harborne ended in a draw, Sutton batting first declared on 199 for 3, although it was an automatic declaration as the Midland Club Cricket Championship terminated the innings after 50 overs.  Harborne in their reply after 48 overs when time ran out were 199 for 7 wickets.
Away at Wolverhampton
The game at Wolverhampton was anything other than a high scoring game when Sutton were bowled out for 45 runs in 25 overs, which took the home club 12 overs to reach 46 runs without loss.
Aldridge C.C.
The Tuesday Bank Holiday fixtures against Aldridge had always produced an interesting afternoon’s cricket and this year’s games were no exception.  The 1st team, smarting from their heavy defeat at Wolverhampton the previous weekend fielded a strong side with most of the regular 1st team player making them-selves available. Aldridge decided to bat first and got off to a good start with 39 runs on the board in 40 minutes before the openers were parted.  The introduction of Andrew Beach with his slow right arm off spin had the Aldridge batsmen in a quandary for Andrew bowled 19 overs of which 11 were maidens and conceded 11 runs taking 6 wickets, leaving the home struggling in reaching 91 all out.  Sutton in their reply limped to 57 for 9 wickets in 1 hour & 45 minutes and with time running out Ian Nuttall at number 11 went into bat and proceeded to hit the ball all over the Stick & Wicket cricket ground in securing a Sutton win by one wicket.  Ian was 25 not out and Gavin Weston at the other end just watched being not out on 11 as the pair put on necessary 37 runs.
The Maynard’s
Father & 2 Sons play against the Old Blundellians C.C. from North Devon, who had an annual Midland tour for many years – John Maynard and his sons Steve and Chris.
2nd Xl, Hawks and Grasshoppers
Under the captaincy of Andy Beach, the 2nd Xl had a fairly average season, but again, in this side considerable promise was shown by some of the younger members.
The Hawks and Grasshoppers, under Brian Turner and Peter Wells, respectively, continued to enjoy their cricket without any spectacular achievements.
Knock Out Cricket.
This type of cricket was again the outstanding feature of the longer summer evenings.  The Sutton News Trophy, organised by the Club, was the principal involvement and after defeating Streetly, Nuneaton, and West Bromwich Dartmouth, Sutton lost to Aston Unity in the final.
The club also participated, without success in the Birmingham League, Walmley, Warwickshire C. A., and Festival Shield competitions,
The National Knock Out for the Derrick Robins Trophy at Lord’s was won by Wolverhampton C.C.
Ash Tree.
During a severe gale in the spring the huge ash tree which had long featured the western boundary of the lower ground was blown down.  It was a tree of great similarity to the one which stood between the two grounds and which was struck by a meteorite in 1917 (see 1917)
Annual General Meeting 1974.
All retiring officers were re-elected at the meeting in October 1973.
Obituaries.  F.L Bindon.
Joining the club in 1945 after playing with the cricket run by Civil Defence Organization during the war years, Len Bindon, a vice president, passed away.  A tribute to his services and loyalty has already been recorded
D.H. Twiss
Douglas Twiss, a stalwart of the 2nd X1, and sometimes the 1st between the wars, and a vice president since retiring from the playing scene, died during the winter months.  He was a good, though somewhat unorthodox, opening batsman and made many runs, including several centuries.  For a number of years, he made a great success of the frustrating job of Hon match secretary as well as holding the office of Hon treasurer for a period.
1974.  Annual Dinner
The Annual Dinner was again held in the Club’s pavilion in Rectory Park on Friday 25th January with the President of the joint clubs R.M. Wilkinson conducting proceedings.  Michael Vocking Secretary of Worcester C.C.C. proposing a toast to the Club which Neil Houghton made an interesting responded.  Richard Sperryn, in proposing a toast to the guests made a very humorous personal comments about our guest’s individual before R.M. Reece of Hampton in Arden C.C made a similar reply
Annual General Meeting for the 1974 Season
For the second consecutive all retiring officers were re-elected at the meeting in October.  However, it was noted that Peter Wells volunteered himself to organised school boys’ cricket during the Summer Holidays.
1974 Special General Meeting
This chapter mainly concerns the Special General Meeting of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket & Hockey Association in March 1974, at which resolutions were passed affecting the future of the two clubs.
Norman Sharp’s Personal Views
The writer of these words has now reached an advanced age and an illness which rendered him out of close touch with the club's activities has now made it difficult to maintain the story of the Sutton Coldfield C.C. with the same degree of accuracy, and he has therefore decided this must be the final chapter, but, for the sake of posterity, it is hoped that future scribes will take up the story where he has left off.  The Statistical Records, also compile by the writer, were passed on to John Maynard in 1973 for continuity.
Resolution No 1.
This was that the Association should become a “Company Limited by Guarantee,” whereby each member would have to guarantee £l in the event of dissolution of the Company.  With Sutton Coldfield having recently been absorbed into Birmingham the necessity for three Trustees, which were essential under the agreement with the Borough of Sutton Coldfield, did not arise.  This released the association of appointing successors following the decease of F.B. Clark and F.H. Walters.
The resolution was carried unanimously.
Resolution No 2.
This resolution was to decide whether or not a loan of £9,500 offered by Greenall Whitley & Co Ltd should be accepted.  The Resolution was carried, with one dissentient (the writer).
The reasons or his dissent were: -
(a) . He was not satisfied that in accepting the loan the Meeting would be making the right decision for; in doing so, they might be committing the Association to a liability they may at a future date regret.
(b). He believed that, with the addition of a lounge, all butfew of the members would have been perfectly happy with the existing conditions.  The changing of the positions of the Bar and the Kitchen, involving an expenditure of £6,000 & £7,000 was thought to be the whim of a very small minority and that the General Council had followed their lead without sufficiently examining the pros and cons.  Also, that the General Meeting was being swayed into “rubber stamping” the motion assuming (rightly) the details had all been thoroughly vetted by the Council.
c). He considered that with the Meeting called at comparatively short notice members should have more time for thought and discussion before committing the Association to fifteen years of heavy expenditure of repaying the Capital and Interest.
During the next few days, he gave the matter a lot of thought including a re-cap of the main facts and decisions from 1968 to the present which, briefly were: -
In 1963 a sub-committee consisting of cricket and hockey club members was appointed to consider the possibilities of a new pavilion.  This committee, with the assistance of a qualified architect, carefully studied all the aspects and submitted their findings to a General Meeting of the Association who UNAMIOUSLY approved the plans.  The estimated costs of £14,000 (finally slightly exceeding this figure) were raised without committee members to any interest liabilities.  It was realised that funds might be insufficient to complete all the desired amenities so it was decided to concentrate on the essentials in the hope that subsequent profits would enable additions to be made as and when money became available.  One of the first of the priorities was a furnished lounge but the main consideration by the committee at this time was to avoid running the Association into heavy liabilities.
Now, in 1974, with the General Council having undergone a complete change in personnel, and, presumably without knowledge or reference to the previously recorded minutes, a resolution was being proposed which completely contradicted the earlier decisions.  Moreover, a number of those present at the meeting were the same, who, in 1968, had unanimously approved the origina1 plans, confirming the belief that General Meetings generally “rubber stamp” motions put forward by committees, without much thought.
The proposal was that the £9,500 should be allocated as follows: -
(a).  To switch the positions of the Bar and Kitchen at an estimated cost of £6,000/7,000.
(b).  To furnish a Lounge area.
(c).   A Burglar Alarm.
With the above established facts the writer now proposes to detail the conclusions he reached, but before doing so he would ask the reader to excuse the use of the first tense for the opinions expressed are his personal views, though, it may be added, others attending the Meeting have since stated they would have opposed the resolution if they had given more thought at the time to the dangers expressed in this chapter.
Conclusions.
1).That it was totally unnecessary and an uneconomic proposition to borrow £9,500 for it would involve the Association in annual repayments of Capital and Interest of around £900 for the next fifteen years (i.e. Capital £660, Interest (@3%) at the decreasing figure of £285.   Total for first year £945) - an annual liability it could ill afford.
2).That a switch of the Bar and Kitchen positions (costing £6,000/7,000) was, in itself, extremely unlikely to produce much increased net revenue and certainly not sufficient to repay the proportionate share of the Loan costs (say £600/700 per annum).  Increased sales could only come from increased activities, social activities which were desirable in any case, and, consequently, there was no logical reason for the change, and, furthermore, the proposal was a direct contradiction of the earlier carefully considered plans.  If I thought the move itself would produce an increased revenue of £800 p.a. minimum) I would have supported the change.
3).That a Lounge was an essential amenity.  It should be sectioned off by a moveable partition (say, heavy curtains suspended on a rail) in order that the whole area could be opened up, if necessary, for Dinners, Dances, etc.  With £900 at the Bank - the accumulated excesses of Income over Expenditure during the past two years - I consider there would have been adequate money available to at least make a good start in the right direction.
4).That from the figures submitted by the Hon Treasurer an increase, estimated at
50%, in the Net Annual Revenue would be essential in order to break even.
5).That there would have to be increases in subscriptions and sustained revenue raising activities, nor could the income from Donkey Derby's, Tote, Dances, etc., be relied upon to produce the same revenues with any degree of certainty.
6).That the expectancy of increased revenue expressed by the General Council was merely a repetition of those envisaged by earlier committees, and which, in actual practice, seldom materialise to the extent hoped for.
7).Lastly, that I felt the Association was being steered on a dangerous course.  It was a big gamble with the odds against success, and, if it failed, the Association would find itself in troubled waters, and members in succeeding years would be saddled with a heavy burden, not of their own making, until the debt was repaid.
Finally, a brief summary of my conclusions.  We all want to make progress, but the majority want it on a sound and safe basis.  Upon these thoughts it would have been a wiser course to decline the offer of the £9,500 Loan, go ahead with the Lounge upon the lines suggested, cancel all ideas of structural alterations, and pursue all revenue earning activities to the utmost. in these ways it is considered the desired objectives could be attained without the use of borrowed capital, and, by eliminating an annual repayment expense, of £900, excesses of Income over Expenditure would be more easily achieved thereby relieving the Association of financial worries.
As stated earlier in this chanter I was not at the time of the Meeting satisfied that the right decision was being reached, and, reflecting upon the thoughts and conclusions above I felt more certain than ever that the Chairman had hurried the meeting through before members had digested the implications behind the, loan. I readily admit that before the Meeting I, myself, had not given the subject as much thought as I should have done and, furthermore, I am sure the main body of the member had given it even less, and, had they been given the opportunity or a general debate upon the proposition, I am convinced the majority would have opposed it.
Moreover, as the President of the Cricket Club and a former President of the Association, and one who played a leading part in the early planning and, through his contacts, was also responsible for the raising of a great proportion of the money, it would have been courteous to inform him of the proposed developments at an early stage, and, perhaps to seek his opinions.
However, I felt my next move was to acquaint the General Council of my conclusions in the hope they might reconsider matters in the light of the reasons given, and before any action was taken to implement the Meeting's decision.  Accordingly, I wrote to the Chairman (R.D. Sperryn) and who, I felt certain, was the prime mover behind the scheme.
Whether or not my letter was ever put before the General Council I do not know, but the Chairman's reply was rude and insulting to my intelligence and I felt deeply hurt.  After a life time association with the cricket and hockey clubs, and having been honoured with all the highest official positions, including Hon Life Member of both clubs, I considered I was entitled to express my opinions (the clubs have meant more to me than many other things in life).  I have always respected the opinions of others and have, until this, received similar treatment from them.  His condemnation of former officers who had helped to raise the clubs to the exalted positions they hold in the games today was also an insult to them, and this includes the ladies without whose efforts the new pavilion, would hardly have been possible.  As a man with a membership of only six or seven years he showed an utter lack of knowledge of the club's affairs before his time, and a complete ignorance of the time and thought given by the original planners, all of which revealed him as a man quite unsuited to be in charge of the Associations affairs.
My sincere hope is that the fears expressed in this chanter will prove to be unfounded for it would be a sad day for the Sutton Coldfield Cricket and Hockey Clubs if they were ever to find themselves in serious financial trouble.  The games will of course continue, but if the Association should find itself unable to meet its liabilities the creditors could take action which might deprive it of the ground and pavilion, and members too, might tend to drift towards more prosperous clubs.  These are dangers I fear that cannot be overlooked and a steady progress on the lines I have tried to indicate may then he proved to have been the wiser course.  But, let us hope I am wrong.
The Statistical Records & History
The Statistical Records & History of the Sutton Club had originally by Frank Styles and Norman Sharp and Norman had handed the records on to John Maynard in 1973 for continuity, but unfortunately John immigrated to live in South Africa.  Peter Bell took on the task in 2013 to research back the missing years from 1974 and continue forward.
1974 Cricketing Highlights
Michael Dixon scored 1,234 runs with an average of 36.29 including two centauries over the same weekend: - 104 runs away at Stafford on the Saturday and 103 runs away at Leamington on the Sunday.  However, Keith Gardom was top of the average for the season with 50.55 runs per inning.  Chris Barber scored 105 runs away at Nuneaton.  Warwick Tidy headed the bowling with 71 wickets at an average of 16.25 runs ably assisted by
Gavin Weston, who took 24 catches and 27 stumpings - 51 dismissals
In the 2nd Xl it was the bowlers who figured in some good results with captain Andrew Beach taking 50 wickets in the season at an average of 10.2 runs, with 6 for 4 runs in 8 overs against Stratford but it was Joe Holman who led the way with 62 wickets at an average of 15.4 runs, with 7 for 59 against Redditch.  Joe Bridgeman scored 113 not out and also took 7 wickets for 56 against Leamington.  Stonier scored an excellent centaury
The Midland Club Cricket Conference elected Michael Dixon “Cricketer of the Year”
1975.
Writing these further observations a year later and after the completion of the alterations everyone, naturally, is very pleased with the improvements - as indeed they should he for the amount expended.  (Incidentally, the costs exceeded the original estimate by about £1,000).  Furthermore, members have given excellent support to the Association's social activities, and everything would appear to be going along nicely.  I sincerely hope this state of affairs will continue even though my earlier views have not changed.  Ian Mason (Association Hon Sec) and others are shoring great enthusiasm and drive towards the desired ends, but without wishing to appear pessimistic, it is wondered if this club spirit will continue for the next fifteen years the liability should be finally cleared.  Times and people change and succeeding generations may not apply themselves with the same dedication as do those of today, - a remark which brings this final comment. Changes over the years are bound to happen, new faces bring new ideas, and strong personalities, rightly or wrongly, often get their way, and not necessarily always for the best.  Succeeding generations should guard against major policy alterations until they are perfectly satisfied, they are for the best.  During my 70 years association (60) years’ membership) with the clubs succeeding committees’ have several times discarded the carefully considered decisions of their predecessors and have in the process come unstuck.
So ends this history of the first 128 years of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, a club, which with the Sutton Coldfield Hockey Club, has given me a lifetime of pleasure and the privilege of numbering many great sportsmen amongst my friends.
A few years ago (as reported by Norman), John Maynard had agreed to take over the continual recording of the Club’s history as it unraveled.  Unfortunately, John, his wife and young daughter immigrated to South Africa and the club’ history files, documents, photographs and statistics, etc. were split between Sutton Coldfield Library and James Ross.  Unfortunately, the minute book, which commenced in 1847 and covered the period up to 1926, had been mislaid by the Sutton Coldfield Library sometime after 1983 when it was placed there for safe keeping, it is still mislaid.  This document was handed to Peter Bell for updating, who will endeavor to recall and record the clubs’ history since 1847.
Annual General Meeting
All retiring officers were standing for election except the Hon ground sec Charles Groves who was very much involved as the Association’s secretary.  Rover Coombs was elected as Hon ground sec.  It was noted that Peter Wells’ organisation of the school boys’ cricket during the Summer Holidays had been a great success and would continue.
Annual Dinner
The annual event was again held in the Club’s pavilion, which was attended by 98 members and their guests with John Jameson, England and Warwickshire C.C.C. proposing a toast to the Club after a deliberation on his cricketing career, which Andrew Beach made a lively response.  Chris Barber proposed a toast to the guests in his customary dry humorous which David Barnes from the Wolverhampton C.C made an equally interesting presentation.
Presentation to Bob Strachan.
Left to Right: - George Lindsay a director of Willis Faber, Ian Nuttall, Roger Coombs, Dave Edmunds, Warwick Tidy, Bob Strachan, John Robinson, James Ross.
Photograph & report by the Sutton Coldfield News after the Olton game in 1975
R. Strachan, Bob to his colleague, a local GP, was presented with a Duncan Fearnley cricket bat by George Lindsay for an outstanding performance in the previous week’s Willis Faber League game against Leamington.
Sutton Coldfield’s Bob Strachan received two awards from Willis Faber, sponsors of the Midlands Club Cricket Championship last week.  The first was for his bowling against Leamington in May. The second was for a whirlwind 50 in just 45 minutes against Solihull in June. Bob chose a Duncan Fearnley bat for the first award – and a special cricket case to keep it in for the second. He is seen above receiving his bat from George Lindsay, a director of Willis Faber, and his Sutton team – mates are the background. Strachan is the only Sutton representative in a Willis Faber side chosen to play against Moseley Ashfield next month to celebrate the club’s 75th anniversary. Another successful bowler was Andy Beach away at Aston Manor C.C. taking 6 wickets for 11 runs in 10 overs of which 6 were maidens.
1st Xl Statistics
Michael Dixon again had an excellent season scored 1,445 runs including centuries against Coventry & NW at home (112) and Ashby Hastings at home (128 not out) and at Solihull (133 not out) with an average for the season of 41.29.
Neil Houghton now playing less frequently topped the batting averages with 44.25, scoring 531 runs.  A relatively new member, Ross Rayburn, who was a feature writer with the Birmingham Post & Mail, scored 919 runs, finishing third in the averages with 26.26 runs. Warwick Tidy took 81 wickets for an average of 16.35 runs with considerable assistance from Gavin Weston who took 22 catches and 35 stumpings = 57 dismissals.
However, the “all-rounder” in the side was a local GP. Dr. Bob Strachan who joined the Club a couple of seasons earlier.
2nd Xl, Hawks and Grasshoppers
All three sides had reasonable results but enjoyable game with perhaps worthy of mention was Joe Holman taking 51 wickets at an average of 21.01 runs.  However, seven appeared to be a lucky number; - Archie Bryden 7 for 23 against Stratford; Peter Goring 7 for 41 against Stratford; and Ron Smith taking 7 for 44 runs against Solihull.  While Brian Turner, Hawks captain and also playing for the Grasshoppers scored 1,045 runs in the season
Fund raising
Fixtures weren’t arranged for any teams on Saturday 5th July 75 as the club organized a Donkey Derby.
1976 Annual General Meeting
There were a few changes to the committee elected at the meeting Andrew Beech stood down and Joe Holman was elected as 2nd Team captain.  Brian Turner also stood down as Hawkes captain and Peter relinquished the captaincy of the Grasshoppers so as to take over the captaincy of the Hawks and David Alford was elected captain of the Grasshoppers.
Geoff Pritchett was elected a Life Member for the years of service as a player and treasurer over many years.  The financial side of the Association was still causing some concern and a Donkey Derby was to be arranged for Saturday 3rd July 76 with no fixtures for that date arranged.
Annual Dinner 1976
The start to the year was the Annual Dinner; held on Friday 30th January in the Pavilion at Rectory Park with the Chairman Ron Smith, conducting affairs.  The toast to Sutton Coldfield C.C. was proposed by Norman Gifford of Worcestershire C.C.C. & England with an interesting response on behalf of the Club by John Payne.
Neil Houghton, Hon Sec of the Club proposed a toast to the guests which John Taylor of Hampton-in-Arden C.C. responded in a lively manner.
1st Xl Stats
Michael Dixon again scored over 1,000 runs (1,134 runs) at an average of 31.50 with Ross Rayburn scored 579 runs at an average of 21.35.  Warwick Tidy again was the leading wicket taker with 69 wickets for an average of 18.49 runs per wicket.  Peter Yates took 5 for 20 runs against Wolverhampton who were bowled out for 76 with John Payne taking 4 for 34 runs.  The following day against Stratford John was run out on 99.  It is worth recording although not playing as regular as he used to do Neil Houghton had scored over 12,600 runs in 18 seasons in the 1st team.
2nd Xl Stats
R. Brown was top run getter in the season with a total of 579 runs closely followed by James Ross with 553 runs in the season and scores a handsome 106 not out against Knowle & Dorridge as did Gavin Weston with a 126 not out.  John Goring took 51 wickets at an average of 18.53 runs
1977 Annual General Meeting
At the A.G.M. Geoff Pritchett, announced that he was standing down as the Club’s treasurer and was duly thanked by the Chairman, Ron Smith for the years of diligent service he had given the club in particular with the setting up of the Association of the joint clubs. Tony Malek was duly elected treasurer.  Both the 1st and 2nd Team captains Michael Dixon and Joe Holman respectively remained in office.  However, Richard (Dick) was elected captain of both the Hawks and Grasshoppers with the Owls being set aside due to lack of players but if new members became available fixtures would be found via the Fixture Bureau
Annual Dinner 1977
The start to the year was the Annual Dinner; held on Friday 28th January in the Pavilion at Rectory Park with the Chairman Ron Smith, conducting affairs.  A toast to Sutton Coldfield C.C. was proposed by Phil Baker of the Old Veseyan RUFC with a lively and humorous response on behalf of the Club by Richard Sperryn.  Roger Coombs proposed an interesting toast to the guests which Graham Wright of Belbroughton C.C. made a very dry and meticulous responded.
1st Xl Stats 1977
The highlight of the season was the 1st team being the winners of the Midland Club Cricket Championship winning as many games as they lost (7 each).  This was the result of the captain Michael Dixon’s attitude to attacking cricket, great to watch even when the side lost.  However, many a side would never have attempted some of the batting chases Sutton took on and would have preferred to have settled for a tame draw, but that was not a view Michael would accepted.
He again had the highest aggregate of runs with 1,047 runs at an average of 29.91 runs, with Keith Gardom scored 784 runs at an average of 25.29.  Ross Rayburn scored a fine century, 102 runs away at Moseley Ashfield.
Warwick Tidy again took the most wickets with 69 at an average of 15.0 runs with Dave Torry, left arm spin with 51 wickets with an average of 16.08 and was closely followed by Keith Gardom, with his leg spin bowling taking 49 wickets at an average of 15.07 runs
1st Xl 1977
The 1st team were the winners of the Midland Club Cricket Championship
This plaque was hung in the Pavilion with pride and was copied in 2022, but has suffered the effects of sunlight, below is the center showing a team photograph taken in 1977.
Back Row L to R: - P. Berry (Umpire), M. Hepburn, T. Yomens, G. Tidy, D. Torry, D. Edmunds, G. Weston, H Lock (Scorer. Seated: - N. Houghton, K. Gardom, M. Dixon (Captain), W. Tidy, J. Robinson
Alpine Under 16 Championship
Back Row L to R: - Peter Yates, Manager; A. Whyles; S. Goring; J. Sherwood; A. Groves; S. Powell; M. Bell; P. Yates; Front Row; B. McClaren; M. Smith; D. Stokes (captain); A. Forrester; M. Rogers; S. Wilkinson.
In 1977 the Alpine Soft Drink Company launched an under 16 youth competition and the Sutton Coldfield CC under the organisation of Peter Yates produced a fine squad of some 18 very talented young cricketers to win the first competition for young cricketers and become the Alpine Under 16 Championship with most of the team lead by captain David Stokes went on to play senior cricket at a high level.
2nd Xl Stats 1977
The 2nd Team had an excellent season under the captaincy of Roger Coombs, playing 40 games, won 12, lost 8, drew 15, no result – rained off 5.  Roger Coombs was top run scorer with 579 and an average of 24.1, and a 15-year-old David Stokes was runner up with 532 runs with an average of 20.5.   Centauries were scored by Geoff Pritchett, 102 not out against Pickwick and amassed 457 runs in the season with an average of 32.6.  John Payne was very unfortunately run out against Stratford on 99.  John Goring was the leading wicket taker with 58 wickets in the season at an average of 11.20 runs; including a 7 for 27 against Whitmore; 6 for 53 against Leamington & 6 for 44 against Barnt Green.  Stan Petch had a great spell of bowling taking 7 for 25 runs against Bromsgrove; and Andrew Beach took 6 for 27 against Knowle & Dorridge.
D Stokes
David Stokes was awarded by the Midlands Club Cricket Conference the Alec Hastilow Trophy as the “Best Under 16 Cricketer”.
D. Bridgeman
D. J. Bridgeman was selected to play for the Midlands Club Cricket Championship League side against Swindon B.R. and scored 103 runs.
Fund raising
No fixtures were arranged for any teams on Saturday 9th July as the club organized a Sponsored Walk,
Obituary to Norman Sharp 1900 - 1977
Members were very saddened to learn of the sudden death of Norman Sharp who passed away in Sutton Coldfield on the 14 July 1977 aged 76 years old.  Norman was born in Derby on 15th April 1901 and came to live in Sutton Coldfield at the age of four, when his father George Sharp moved into Sutton and joined the Club. Norman’s long association with the club commenced in 1905, a period of 72 years.  His father's performances were Norman’s main interest in the game. In 1910 Norman became 2nd Xl scorer and many of the pre-First World War score books were completed by Norman and he appears on many of the pre-First World War club team photographs. At Bishop Vesey's G.S. he passed through the various phases before he finally became captain of the school in all its sporting activities until he left in 1919.
Norman Sharp
Norman played his first game for Sutton Coldfield C.C. in 1915 but did not become a full member until leaving school.  After a year's graduation with the "A" and 2nd teams, he became the regular 1st X1 opening right-handed batsman for the next thirty years and their captain for 8 seasons – 1941 to 1948 subsequently continued to play in the lower elevens until 1958 captaining the “A” side 1954-5, after which for the next two years he captained the Warwickshire C.C.C. Nursery Xl.
During his career Norman scored nearly 25,000 runs in club cricket, of which he scored, 19,710 runs for the Sutton of which 13,067 were for the First team, and that was before Sunday cricket arrived.  During his playing days with Sutton, he scored 19 centuries of which 15 were for the First team.  In 1923 his one appearance in first-class cricket was in 1923, when he was selected to play for Warwickshire against Worcestershire in the County Championship at Edgbaston.  He batted just once in the match, which Warwickshire won by 7 wickets, scoring 3 runs from a low batting order position, before being dismissed, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norman_Sharp - cite_note-2 bowled by Leslie Gale.
Norman was captain of the Sutton 1st Team for eight years, and "A" team captain for four.  He rarely bowled but in one game against Aldridge C.C at Rectory Park desperate measures were required as Aldridge were 50 without loss, chasing Sutton’s moderate score of 158 for 7 wickets declared, and all the front-line bowlers had been unsuccessful and with Aldridge well behind the clock, Norman put himself on to bowl for at such times it is the captain’s privilege to toss a few up.  Norman, who was never considered a bowler of any merit did just that and the first six batsmen “holed out” in quick succession.  Having had the longest spell of bowling in his career, the openers were re-introduced into the attack, but without success, and with ten minutes remaining Norman again took the ball and secured three more victims before time was called with the Aldridge score at 95 for 9 and Norman had figures of 9 for 35.
Norman now turned his attention to the admiration of the Club, succeeded his father as fixture secretary, an office he held for eighteen years – 1930 to 1947; followed by being the treasurer for seven years - 1949 to 1955; and then to chairman - 1956 to 1962; and finally, President 1966 to 1977.
In 1956 Norman was elected an Honorable Life Member having been a member of the committee for 32 years and had undertaken many of the duties associated with the running of the club.  Throughout the period he had attended all but about half a dozen meetings and every General Meeting (except one when he was away from the district) since becoming a full member in 1919. In 1947 Norman was elected as Sutton representative on the Warwickshire County Cricket Club committee until he retired in 1972. Norman was in 1948 one of the founding members of the Midlands Club Cricket Conference and in 1954 with a membership with over 300 clubs he was elected their chairman following the retirement of Guy Heaton, of Harborne C.C.  In 1962, Norman was elected President of the M.C.C.C. an honour not only to himself but also to the club.
Norman also represented the County at hockey for several years.
1978 Annual General Meeting
At the A.G.M. a minute silence was observed by the members in memory of our late President Norman Sharp.  A new president, Geoff Pritchett, was elected to that office.  Neil Houghton stood down as secretary and was duly thanked by the chairman with Andy Blaygroves, taking over. Michael Dixon stood down with Keith Gardom being elected as 1st Team captain.  A small number of Owls games were arranged during the latter part of the season and accordingly it was agreed that Mike Moore would captain this side if and when required.
Annual Dinner
The Annual Dinner; held on Friday 27th January in the Pavilion at Rectory Park with the Chairman Ron Smith, conducting affairs.  A toast to Sutton Coldfield C.C. was proposed by Athol Butters of M.C.C.C. & Leicester Ivanhoe C.C. which John Payne responded on behalf of the Club.  Stan Petch in a lively and humorous rendering in proposing a toast to the guests which David Dollery of Knowle & Dorridge C.C. & Warwickshire Pilgrims C.C. was equally flamboyant in his response.
1st Xl Stats
B. K. (Keith) Gardom had decided to join the family business and retired from playing for the County side although now a 1st team player but he was the ideal man to take over from Michael Dixon as 1st Team captain and scored 1,285 runs in the season with centuries - 109 away against Harborne & 105 runs not out at home to Stratford and 102 runs not out away at Litchfield.  Michael Dixon, now after 5 years, played without the responsibility of the captaincy amassed 1,298 runs scoring 101 runs not out at home to Stratford; 109 runs not out at home to Olton; 117 runs not out at home to Bromsgrove and 120 runs at Stratford.  Graham Tidy also scored 100 runs not out at home to Aldridge.  Eight 100 in a season was a 1st team record, beating the previous record of seven in 1973.  Warwick Tidy took 6 for 40 against Mosley
2nd Xl
Steve Goring in a game against Four Oaks C.C at Rectory Park took 6 wickets for 14 runs in a 12 over spell, of which 8 were maidens.
Black Country Night
A Black Country Night was held in the pavilion on Friday 17th November 1978 and reported in the Sutton Coldfield News: - Top Funny Man, Tommy Munden, Dolly Allen and Harry Harrison, entertained about 150 members followed by a faggots, peas and chips supper.
The junior members (the Alpine winners of 1977) acted as waiters. Left to Right: - David Stokes, Steve Wilkinson, another, another, Mark Bell, John Maynard extreme left and Ron Smith in the foreground. The other members and their Ladies I don’t recall their names.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Dinner - 26th January 1979
L to R, Neil Houghton, Geoff Pritchett, Lees Smethurst, Ron Smith, Roger Coombs, Dick Sperryn, James
Ross, Steve Maynard, Mike Joseph, Tony Malek, Dave Edmunds, Andrew Beach, Mike Hepburn, Chris
Barber, Derick Murphy, Peter Bell (me)
Annual General Meeting 1979
The AGM produced very little in the way of officers relinquishing their posts other than James Ross taking over the captaincy of 2nd Team and Tony Malek looking after the Owls.
1st Xl Review
The Club played Canada in a warm-up game before the ICC World Cup competition got on its way.  Canada was invited to bat first and scored 254 for the loss of one wicket in their 60th over before bowling Sutton out for 170.  Michael Dixon continued scored runs 1,109 in the season and passes 1,000 runs in a season for the 10th successive year.  Keith Gardom takes 6 for 33 against Bromsgrove
2nd Xl Review
Just a couple of bowling statics of note was Haden Baker’s 8 wickets for 23 runs for the seconds at Bromsgrove in 12.3 overs and 16-year-old Mark Bell taking 5 for 13 against Pickwick for the Sunday seconds. This team were runaway winners of the Midland Club Cricket Championship and received a £50 cheque from the league sponsors.
Sutton Coldfield Hawks Xl 1979 Season
Standing L to R: - R. Glover; N/k; Derrick Murphy; N/k; Bruce McClarn; Mark Bell;
Seated L to R: - Ron Smith; John Whyles; Dick Sperryn; Joe Iafrati; Tony Malek.
International Cricket Conference World Cup
The ICC World Cup Competition was held in the Midlands, who appointed the umpires for the various games within the tournament with Peter Bell and Phil Berry being appointed to officiate in 60 overs a side, USA v Sir Lanka game, at the Northampton Saints ground in Northampton.  The USA batted first and scored 168 which Sir Lanka obtained for the loss of 4 wickets scoring 170 (Peter’s photograph subsequently appeared in the publication “The Ultimate Encyclopedia of Cricket.”
Phil went on to umpire one of the semi-final games where Bermuda were all out for 181 lost to Canada who scored 186 for 6 and won by 4 wickets.