Chapter XVl   2010 – 2015.
Annual General Meeting 2010
The AGM produced a number of changes in the Club’s officers with the President handing over the chairmanship to Naeem (Bobby) Arif. Ken Lancaster retained the secretary’s position but handed over the fixture secretary’s position to Hugo Russell and Adil Bhatti being elected as the Club’s treasurer.  Bobby also was elected the Sunday 1st Team captain; Simon Broadhead was elected 2nd Team captain and Steve Russell took over a similar position with the Hawks.
Annual Subscriptions 2010
The main income for the Club to cover the cost of the ground hire and ground preparation comes from the Annual Subscription.  These need to be paid (or arrangements to pay need to be made) by 1st May 2010 at which point membership numbers will be issued.  Failure to make arrangements to pay will lead to exclusion from selection.
Full Playing Membership          £120.00
Students (Juniors)£35.00
Occasional Playing£50.00
Sunday Only Playing£80.00
Social/Family Membership£15.00
Ladies Membership (2010 special offer)£10.00
Once membership is paid, a membership number will be issued which will also ensure that the member is covered by the Club’s insurance.  Players playing without insurance will do so at their own risk.
Match Fees 2010
The cost of teas, umpires, match balls etc. come out of the match fees collected.   These should be paid before the start of each match.  Fees remain the same as 2011
Top GroundBottom Ground
Seniors£8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£4.00£4.00
Mid-week games£4.00£4.00
Junior Matches£3.00£3.00
“NOTE”
The Club is a “Not for profit” organisation which means that each year we set a budget to ensure we cover our costs.  No members of the Cricket Committee are paid for their time; this is done as a volunteer’s service.  All members of the Club have access to all club records and minutes if they so require from the General Secretary.
Annual Dinner 2010
The Annual Dinner was held at Moor Hall Golf Club on Friday 29th January, with our President hosting the event with Dougie Brown, Warwickshire CCC, Scotland, England & Namibia proposing a toast to the Sutton Club, with our Chairman, Naeem Arif proposing a toast to our guests.
Awards
James Ross is elected a Vice President of the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League and the Midland Club Cricket Conference awarded Ken Lancaster the Leslie Jones Secretarial Trophy.  Our 1st Xl Scorer, Steve Smith was invited to score for Pakistan in their 20-20 International against Australia at Edgbaston.
Grant - Vandals - Shutters
In October Peter Bell obtained on behalf of the Club, a £941 grant from the Trinity Ward Advisory Board for Galvanised Roller Shutters to protect the Lower Ground Pavilion after it was vandalized during the playing season.
Ladies Cricket
Sutton Coldfield Ladies’ team was formed and competed in the Warwickshire Ladies 20:20 League with eight other clubs from Warwickshire. The Sutton club war organized by Kim Harvey, Coach & Captain assisted by Paul Heron. The other 7 clubs were, Moseley, Four Oaks Saints, Walmley, Harborne, Alcester & Ragley, Five Ways O.E. and Moseley Ashfield, with the Ashfield club being the ladies 1st game.
Neil Houghton
Neil Houghton relinquishes the Chairmanship of Warwickshire C.C.C. a post he has held for 7 years - 2003 to 2010 having been their treasurer for 11 years - 1987 to 1998. During his Chairmanship of the County Club Neil oversaw the redevelopment of the Edgbaston ground for it to become one of the worlds, top test match arenas.  Neil had an outstanding playing career with Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, Warwickshire CCC's 2nd Xl, the MCC and representing the Midland Club Cricket Conference on numerous occasions being elected Cricketer of the Year in 1961.
W.N. Houghton - The Administrator
Neil was invited by the Warwickshire County Cricket Club in 1982, to represent Sutton Coldfield on the County Committee following the death of Arthur Spencer, who had been the area representative for a number of years.
As a Chartered Accountant, Neil was elected on the Club’s Catering Committee as their treasurer, his step on his way up the County club’s promotion ladder. His colleagues and palls back at the Sutton Coldfield Club were anything but respectful referring to “Neil being in charge of the pork pies or scotch eggs”. However, he did a good job and was elected the Club’s Honorable Treasure in 1987, a post he held for 12 years.
In 1999, Neil was elected Vice Chairman, before being elected Chairman in 2003. He held this post for 7 years, overseeing the development and modernizing of the Edgbaston ground, to be recognized as an international sports arena. Gone were the trapping of the old village pavilion of the pre second world war era. All you could say about the old façade was “It was good to look at” but became useless in the modern game of cricket. On a personal note, I remember the many occasions when umpiring at Edgbaston, the dressing room was a box room with no view of the ground.
During Neil’s time at Edgbaston, he held a number of other posts: -
Chairman of the General Purpose and Finance Sub-Committee 1988 to 1998.
Chairman Cricket Sub-Committee 1989 – 1990.
National Administration
Member of the E.C.B. Finance Committee
In 2011 the Warwickshire County Cricket Club acknowledged Neil’s outstanding service to the Club awarded Neil an Honorable Life Member. - Rarely awarded.
Footnote; - Not many people have overseen the expenditure of £12,000,000.
I did have communications with the Cabinet Office in 2015 asking that Neil be recognized with a Queen’s award, but was unsuccessful.
Peter Bell
Highlights of the 2010 Season
Another disappointing season with the 1st Team having already been relegated last season to play in the 3rd division of the B&DPCL and would have been relegated out of the B&DPCL at the end of the 2010 season if Madeley C.C. from the Shropshire League had not declined to join the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League.  The 1st Team’s leading batsman was their overseas player wicketkeeper batsman, Joel Napier from Australia, who scored 425 runs in the season with an average of 25 1.  Runner up was Jack Smith with an aggregate score of 330 and an average of 20.6 runs.
Joel Napier
Our bowling was also week again due to players retiring from the game and only Richard Norgrove troubled our opposition taking 45 wickets with an average of 10.9, with a best performance of 5 for 35 runs.  A young Graham Clark took 22 wickets at 15.6 runs per wicket and an excellent best performance of 5 for 35 runs.
The 2nd Xl did not fare much better with the leading run scorer being Abu Pervaiz with 305 5uns and an average of 22.6, and was their leading wicket taker with 34 victims at 15.6 runs per wicket.
All 1st and 2nd team performances reflected above are from the B&DPCL games and do not include any performances in the Warwickshire Sunday League, although neither team figured in the WSL end of season awards.
However, the outlook is very promising with the achievements of both the Under 13 and Under 14 teams who both won their age group in the Warwickshire County Championships.
Sutton Averages in the B&DPCL for Batting 2010
Team
Inn
N.O.
Runs
HS
Ave
Joel Napier
1st Xl 3rd Div
19
2
428
68*
25.18
Jack Smith
1st Xl 3rd Div
16
0
330
58
20.63
Abu Pervaiz
2nd Xl 2nd Div
14
0
305
71
21.79
Sutton Averages in the B&DPCL for Bowling 2010
JUNIOR CRICKET
The Under 14 win the Warwickshire County Championship of 2010
The Under 13 win the Warwickshire County Championship of 2010
Back row: P Raworth (coach) Jacob Smith, Will Sharpe, Arnab Haque, Jack Andrew, Rhys Renwick, Kyle Delaney, Shehrose Iqbal, M. Bradbury (coach).  Front row: Aaron Thomason, Raul Ram, Will Raworth, Joel Bradbury, Dan Whitehurst
Annual General Meeting 2011
Ken Lancaster stood down as Secretary of the Club because of commitments to the Birmingham League, and was duly thanked by the Chairman for his years of service, and was replaced by Simon Broadhead.  Mark Guest was elected as the 1st Team captain for both Saturdays and Sundays.  The Chairman took over responsibility for the Saturday 2nd Xl, and with the Club being involved in two different leagues on a Sunday, it was agreed that Simon Broadhead remaining captain of the Warwickshire Sunday League side and that Neil Hornby would take on the captaincy of the West Midlands Sunday Development side, with Steve Russell retaining captaincy of the 3rd Xl (the Hawks).
Annual Dinner 2011
The Annual Dinner was held at Moor Hall Golf Club on Friday 28th January, with our President hosting the event with Mike Watkinson Lancashire C.C.C. & England proposing a toast to the Sutton Club.
Ken Lancaster
Ken Lancaster was elected President of the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League and is awarded the Leslie Jones Secretarial Trophy by the Midland Club Cricket Conference.
Steve Perryman & New Nets
Steve Perryman, the former Warwickshire County Cricket Club player & coach &  previous a coach with the Worcestershire C.C.C. is appointed as the Club’s Head Coach and at the same time as the Club’s new practice nets funded mainly by the ECB are opened on Saturday 30th April.
Overseas Player
Murtuza Hussain, born 1st October 1986 in Bihar, India, played for Klkata Knight Riders and Mumbai is engaged as the Club’s overseas player.  Murtuza is a right-arm medium pace bowler and right-hand batsman.
Highlights of the 2011 Season
A very disappointing season with the 1st Team being relegated out of the Birmingham League and will play in the Warwickshire Cricket League next season.  The only batsman to distinguish himself was Graham Clark scoring 357 runs and an average of 29.8 runs and a best performance of 74 not out.  Murtuza was a quality bowler taking 38 league wickets at an impressive average of 13.6 run per wicket, being supported by Graham Clarke who took 27 wickets at a cost of 19.5 runs per wicket.
In the 2nd Xl a very young Aaron Thomason scored 465 runs in 13 completed innings with an impressive average of 35.8
Annual General Meeting 2012
The AGM produces a complete change in the Club’s officers with Colin Greetham being elected Chairman, Steve Russell took on the secretary’s post and Naeem Arif becoming treasurer.  A new post of Junior Chairman was created and Andrew Sargent was elected.  Apart from Mark Guest, who remained 1st Team captain on Saturdays there were changes in all other captains, with Lee Thomason elected the 1st Team captain on Sundays, Adam Mist the 2nd Xl Saturday captain and Andy Parker the 2nd Xl captain on Sundays.  Steve Russell added the 3rd Sunday captaincy to his Saturday captaincy.  A ladies section was formed in 2010 but was having difficulties and it was agreed that Kim Harvey was elected ladies captain.
Annual Subscriptions 2012
The main income for the Club to cover the cost of the ground hire and ground preparation comes from the Annual Subscription.  These need to be paid (or arrangements to pay need to be made) by 31st May 2012 at which point membership numbers will be issued.  Failure to make arrangements to pay will lead to exclusion from selection.
Full Playing Membership          £100.00 (reduced from £129.00 in 2011)
Students (Juniors)£35.00
Occasional Playing£50.00
Ladies£20.00
Social Membership£15.00
Once membership is paid, a membership number will be issued which will also ensure that the member is covered by the Club’s insurance.  Players playing without insurance will do so at their own risk
Match Fees 2012
The cost of teas, umpires, match balls etc. come out of the match fees collected.   These should be paid before the start of each match.  Fees remain the same as 2011
Top GroundBottom Ground
Seniors£8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£4.00£4.00
Mid-week games£4.00£4.00
Junior Matches£3.00£3.00
Annual Dinner 2012
The Annual Dinner was held at Moor Hall Golf Club on Friday 28th January, with our President again running the evening with Shaun Udal, Hampshire C.C, Middlesex C.C, and England proposing a toast to the Sutton Club.
Obituary to Philip G. Berry
The Club’s membership was saddened to hear that Philip G. Berry, who was an umpire with the club between 1970 and 2004 passed away in a nursing home in Wendover near Amersham on the 16 February 2012.  Philip Berry (known affectionately as Phil) became involved with the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club in 1970, when his son, Simon who as a 15-year-old school boy played for Bishop Vesey Grammar School against Sutton’s 2nd team. There was no scorer so Phil volunteered which was the beginning of a long association between Phil and the Club, and within a year Phil had put down the pencil and put on the white coat to umpire the second team who were without a regular umpire.
Within a season Phil was umpiring with the 1st team on Sundays and had taken umpiring seriously attending a training course run at Edgbaston and then joined Peter Bell in representing the MCCUA in the Jarvis Cup.  A national quiz competition on the Laws of Cricket, which the MCCUA team won in 1973.
Philip was born 15th December 1923 in Battle, Sussex and served in the Royal Navy during the 2nd World War as a Lieutenant posted to Aircraft Carriers.  Once released from military service Phil moved to Bristol and married Eileen in 1950 before moving to Sutton Coldfield in 1954.  One of Phil’s hobbies was the production of home-made beers for personal consumption and whenever you visited him in Jordan Road you were invited to visit his brewery under the stairs and sample the latest batch, but always warned don’t smell it before you sip it.
Phil also joined the Saturday morning beer line cleaning team and banking the cash weekly.  A job he carried out for some 20 years, although Phil did become a teetotaller.
In 1990 Phil was invited to join the Warwickshire Pilgrims annual tour of the West Sussex cricket clubs, being based at the Saffrons Cricket Ground in Eastbourne, which he did for some 10 years.  At the same time Phil was interested in raising the standard of umpires within the local cricket clubs joining the Sutton Coldfield branch of the Association of Cricket Umpires and became one of their instructors, progressing to become an ACU examiner of umpire candidates.
Phil as an umpire was very thoughtful, carefully taking a little time to decide, weighing up the fact in his mind before giving an impartial decision, whether it was for Pilgrims in Eastbourne, or for the Sutton Coldfield club or in a local game of cricket.  He was greatly respected for his knowledge and interpretation on the Laws of Cricket and was appointed to officiate in many Midland Club Cricket Conference games, and also in the Counties 2nd team games and in the 1979 International Cricket Conference Trophy matches.  The highlight of Phil’s career was being appointed to officiate in the Semi-final of the ICC Trophy between Bermuda and Canada and his cricket legacy can be seen in the 1980 Wisden Cricketers’ Almanack (page 316) – not bad for someone who never played any serious cricket, but devoted much of his time to the game of Cricket.
Phil had a very serious accident at home in 2004, which resulted him being hospitalized and in a coma for many months, before the family moved to Wendover, where Phil spent his last 6 years in nursing and care homes.
Highlights of the 2012 Season
The 1st Team, now in the Warwickshire Cricket League’s Premier Division finished runners up, just missing promotion back into the Birmingham League and they were helped considerable by our overseas player Daniel B. Child, a fast bowler from Boland.  Dan was born on the 16 November 1988 in Cape Town, and took 9 wickets for 28 runs when he was 16 in a 2nd Xl match.  Dan represented South Africa, Under 19 side in the 2008 World Cup in Malaysia and made his debut for Bolamd in the same year.  He was the leading wicket taker in the WCL Premier League with 54 wickets at a cost of 9.17 runs per wicket.
The Sunday side in the Warwickshire Sunday League won the 1st Xl Division 2 league.  With so many young players performing so well it is difficult to know where to start, however, Jack Smith playing only on Saturdays scored 419 runs with an average of 38.1 and his highest score of 71 lead the way with the captain.  However, Lee Thomason on Saturdays, scored a total of 341 runs and with 100 not out to his name, he average of 37.9, and in the WSL, he scored 265 runs in 4 games with a top score of 125 runs and an average of 66.3, giving Lee an aggregate of 606 runs in the season at an average of 43.3.
Lee’s younger brother Aaron played 11 games in the season and with 4 not outs to his credit scoring 203 runs in the season and averaged 29 runs per innings.  Other notable performances were by Jamie Klapper (Saturdays only) had an average for the season of 29 runs per innings.  Also, Joe Berry who had limited opportunities to bat in the WSL games a 1st and 2nd Xl’s finished with 200 runs and an average of 32.7 and top of the teams average WSL 2nd team batting.  In the 1st team bowling, Mark Guest finished up as a very creditable runner to Dan with his leg spin bowling taking 33 wickets an average of 13.2 in the Warwickshire Cricket League.  For the Sunday 2nd Xl Sam Elgar scored 104 against Attock before he was run out, and Chris Hobbis scored 131 not out against K&D.
The Club’s Lounge
The pavilion’s lounge furniture was starting to show its age being around some 40 years old, which was originally acquired by Peter Lowe via his ICI days and had been recovered once but was now beyond any sort of redemption.  Thanks to Paul Heron in organizing grant monies, the lounge was divided from the Club Room with sliding doors, new décor and furniture installed.  John Bell designed a new style of Hockey and Cricket Clubs; motifs mounted in the Lounge over the Bar and funded by James Ross.
An Olympic Hockey corner was established with photographs produced by Peter Bell of the hockey members who have played for GB in the Olympics, including a cricket member, E.B. Crockford who played cricket for Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club and Warwickshire C.C.C. and won a gold medal in the 1920 Antwerp Olympic Games for GB & Ireland in Hockey.
A Cricket Newsletters is Launched
Phil Mist launches the first Club News Letters in September with Issue No’s. 2 & 3 in October and November/December respectively under the title “Sutton Coldfield CC Story”.
Sutton Coldfield C.C. 1st Team 2012 (names not recorded)
Chairman’s Review of the Season 2012.
This Newsletter is the first of many and is intended to not only raise the profile of Sutton Coldfield CC but also to ensure that all members are kept informed of what is happening.
The absolutely appalling weather at start of the season ruined many of the practice sessions for both Junior and Senior members and it also caused many games to be cancelled. Despite this dreadful start to the season however, when things did finally get going all of the senior teams showed steady improvements in their level of play as the season has gone on. Indeed, Lee Thomason’s Sunday 1st XI has won the league title and Andy Parker’s Sunday 2nd XI has also done exceptionally well!
The Saturday 1st XI has had a tremendous second half to the season and despite a setback last weekend has been confirmed as the ‘Runners-Up’ in the Premier Division of the Warwickshire League. Promotion was a possibility but unfortunately it was not to be – I have since spoken to most of the players, who I am delighted to say, have confirmed their commitment to the club for the 2013 season – and because of the experience gained by the very young 1st XI this season, we have a real chance of promotion in 2013!
There were several excellent performances during 2012 including in particular the wicket taking of Dan Childs who with one game remaining has taken 49 wickets. The highlight of Dan’s season was his sensational 5 for 2 against Highway, followed closely by his 6 for 24 against Bedworth, and his 6 for 28 against Fillongley. In addition to Dan’s efforts, the 1st XI Captain, Mark Guest, starred with the ball against Olton and WW when he took 5 for 31 and Aaron Thomason took 4 for 22 against Highway which included a hat trick. In the batting department there were excellent performances from Jack Smith, Lee Thomason and Andrew Heron. I am not ashamed to repeat myself - this all bodes well for 2013.
After a tricky start to the season, Adam Mist’s very young and inexperienced 2nd XI eventually came good and at the time of writing have lost only one of their last nine games (with one game remaining) and have finished in a very creditable mid-table position. With the experience gained during this season under their belt, I sincerely hope that the 2nd XI will be fighting for a top spot next year.
Steve Russell’s Saturday 3rd XI has finished in the highest league position ever and this again suggests that 2013 is a season to look forward to.
All three Saturday sides have been populated by a large number of players below the age of 22 years, with many below the age of 20, which bodes well for the future of the club, since 50 over cricket is essentially a young man’s game.
During the season practice sessions were well attended, with Steve Perryman and Mark Guest providing high quality coaching. I put great store in trying to provide coaching for all cricketers wherever and whenever possible and I feel that the coaching provided this season has paid great dividends. Additionally, SCCC has secured the services of Andy Whyles (a Level 3 coach) for 2013 who in his role at Edgbaston is the County Coordinator for disabled cricket. Andy is a great guy and an excellent coach of both junior and senior players. His services can only help in improving still further the strides taken by many of our players.
Two weeks ago, I called what turned out to be a very well attended planning meeting at the club when four of our weaker areas were identified and steps were taken to put in place remedial action in order to improve matters.
Action is already under way to improve the level of communication with our members (this Newsletter is the start of that process), in looking into Marketing, Grant Funding and other sponsorship, in raising the Club’s profile and increasing the playing possibilities for all players, and at an increased level of social events throughout the year. After a long discussion at the meeting, Simon Broadhead agreed to produce and organise a Social Calendar in conjunction with Adam Mist, Stuart Russell, Sam Sargent and Aaron Evans are to investigate and lead the marketing of SCCC and obtaining Grant Funding and other sponsorship deals whilst linking in with Bobby Arif. Paul Heron, John Howard and Andy Biddle have agreed to organise the 2013 Annual Dinner. Les Lunn has kindly agreed to update the ‘Play Cricket’ website and to also investigate the possibility of setting up the club’s own dedicated website.
My thanks must go to everyone at that planning meeting for their input and their enthusiasm. Finally, may I thank all of the volunteers who have given so much of their time to the Club and who have worked so tirelessly on its behalf throughout the year!
Awards Evening
In October the Club had its first joint Awards Evening which was very well attended with more than 100 players (both Junior and Senior), parents, wives, relatives, social members and Club Officials producing an excellent atmosphere in the Clubhouse. This is definitely to be repeated again in 2013. A big thank you is due to all of the people who donated raffle prizes and of course to those who purchased tickets (£90 towards Club funds was raised on the night). ‘Unlock the Dosh’ was won by Colin Ryan, the butcher who supplies SCCC with its meat for the Friday night BBQ’s.
The Junior Award Winners were:
U9: Daisy Mackey and Sam Knowles.
U10: Varuna Mohan; Corey Lovage and David Recci;
U11: Stan Pigott; Aaron Bassi and Nathan Lawrence.
U12: James Lunn; Conor Lovage and Harry Wright.
U13: William Hawkins; Spencer Garyson-Nimmo and Lewis Gordon.
U14: Charlie Hornby; Paul Ram and Balraj Singh.
U15: Shehrose Igbal; Simon Morre and Adeel Mahmood.
U17: Lee Thomason; Aaron Thomason and Joe Berry.
The Senior Award Winners were:
Saturday 1st XI: Mark Guest and Jack Smith.
Saturday 2nd XI: Sam Sargent and Kamran Akmal.
Saturday 3rd XI: Jon Sargent; Clem Prosper and Raul Ram.
Sunday 1st XI: Lee Thomason and George Gibbons.
Sunday 2nd XI: David Mott and James Lunn.
Special Achievement Awards:
There were two special awards made on the evening to: Lee Thomason for scoring 100 not out against Solihull Municipal and Aaron Thomason for a hat trick against Highway.
Steve Perryman’s review of the Season
The Club has had a very good season in many aspects of the game with some very good individual performances that resulted in a season of stability for the Club. With the club’s positive and in my view, correct approach, in nurturing and producing its own young players, we have seen the emergence of many players in the 1st XI, 2nd XI and 3rd XI.
The 1st XI, following a relegation season, had a very good season inasmuch as the side obtained a good foothold in its division, won many games which resulted in a second-place league finish and a consequent increase in confidence levels. The seconds, after a slow start began to improve and had a good second half of the season once availability improved and the third eleven was a fine learning curve for a number of young players to develop their cricket in a senior environment.
We have had difficulties with the weather for much of the summer, and special thanks must go in particular to Colin Greetham, Paul Heron, John Howard and Phil Mist for laboring so hard and enabling the Club to play its matches, and may I also offer an additional thank you to all the other volunteers.
We have laid excellent foundations at the club and things are already in place for a very successful period. We do however, still need to attract more playing members of all abilities to give each of the three senior teams more strength in depth.
One addition the club has made to the coaching team is Andy Wyles from Warwickshire. Andy is a level three coach and is a fantastic addition to what is being assembled at Sutton Coldfield CC. Andy will be helping put together the structure for the juniors on Friday evenings and will also be involved one other evening per week at the club’s discretion.
Ground Problems
Paul Heron as ground chairman, made several reference during the season to the serious flooding that was occurring in the area in front of the score-box, although club groundsmen throughout the UK were thwarted by the weather this season and had to work harder than ever to ensure as much cricket was played as possible.  Sutton Coldfield was no exception and our grateful thanks go to Colin Greetham who in his final season as Head Groundsman managed to limit the number of 1st team home abandonments to a remarkable two games. Colin was greatly assisted by Dan Childs who enjoyed helping so much that he is returning next year! Many others helped on the ground but special mention must go to Sid Stonehouse and Hugo Russell.
If weather experts are to be believed, we may be in for challenging conditions in future seasons.  Drainage will continue to be an issue on the top ground.  We continue to look for grant funded systems to protect the top square during periods of heavy rain and irrigate both squares during dry spells.
It may be possible to combine both in an environmentally friendly solution.  Over recent seasons we have replaced ageing and problematic machinery and now have an enviable stock of ground-scare equipment.  This bodes well for the future and we are most grateful to Sutton Coldfield Municipal Charities in particular, but also other grant funding bodies.
Paul made an appeal for members to look out for details of working parties and requests for help in future newsletters.  Help is always much appreciated.
Our Olympians
The 2012 cricket season coincided with the razzmatazz of the London Olympics and the success of Laura Unsworth, Sutton Coldfield Ladies Hockey Club’s latest Olympian. Laura’s photograph is on display in the Olympians corner in the pavilion lounge alongside E.B. Crockford previously highlighted in the SCCC Story.
A search of SCCC archives has revealed that the cricket club can also boast another Olympian. Arthur Godfrey Kilner Brown who lived 146 Rectory Road and played for SCCC alongside his elder brother Ralph Kilner Brown, later to become Sir R.K. Brown. Both were elected as members at the 1933 AGM held at the Sutton Council House. Godfrey was a talented athlete who went on to win gold and silver medals in the Berlin Olympic Games of 1936 in the 4 x 400 meters relay and the 400 meters individual event respectively.
Godfrey Brown was born on 21st February 1915 in Bankura, Bengal, India but was educated at Warwick School. He played cricket for the school in June 1933 against Warwickshire Club & Ground and in June the following year played for the Club & Ground against the school. Old scorebooks and press cuttings reveal that Godfrey played a limited number of games for Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club from 1933 - 1939 taking a few wickets and scoring some runs. However, it was as an athlete that Godfrey really came to prominence, running any distance from 100 to 880 yards, initially at Warwick School and then at Birchfield Harriers before going to Peterhouse Cambridge to read English and history in 1935. As a freshman he was awarded a blue in athletics. He made his first international appearance against Germany in Munich that year and returned to Berlin the following year as a member of the Great Britain 1936 Olympic team in what became known as “The Hitler Games”. 21-year-old Godfrey Brown was the youngest member of the British 4×400 meters relay team in Berlin yet despite his youth was given the responsibility of running the testing anchor stage.
In 1937 Godfrey Brown lowered his personal best for 880 yards to 1:52.2 seconds in the USA and later ran a 1.51.2 seconds relay leg in a match against Germany. Godfrey was unbeaten in 1938 and was possibly the world's leading quarter-miler that year. He was the AAA and European 400-meter champion and in the 1938 European Championships he won a silver medal in the 4×400 meters relay. After a strenuous 1938 season Godfrey trained sporadically and the following winter became a schoolmaster and married Mary Denholm Armstrong the daughter of a railway manager early in 1939 which left very little time for serious training. In the 1939 track season, apart from winning the AAA 880 yards title in a modest time, he had an undistinguished season. In the final major race of his career, he finished fourth and last in the 400 meters in a match against Germany in Cologne. After the war Godfrey attempted a comeback but met with little success and retired soon after. Godfrey’s sister Audrey won a silver medal at the 1936 Olympic Games and his brother Ralph (later Sir RK Brown) won the 1934 AAA 440 yards hurdles title and finished third in the Empire Games later that season.
Godfrey taught history at Bedford School, subsequently taught at Rochester School and Cheltenham College and from 1950 until 1978 Godfrey was headmaster of Worcester Royal Grammar School. Godfrey retired to Clifton upon Teme, Worcester before finally settling in Sussex. Mary died in 1993 and Godfrey passed away two years later on 4 February 1995 shortly before his eightieth birthday.
Although a very talented athlete, his training left very little time for cricket, Godfrey had poor eyesight which meant he was not mobilized into the Army, but was still a good rugby player and cricketer with both bat and ball.  He was also active within the local community, was prominent in getting the Swan Theatre built in Worcester and played the French horn in the local orchestra.
England’s Under 19 World Cup Initial Squad
In December 2012, Aaron Thomason was nomination into the England U19 initial squad of 30 for the ICC U19 Cricket World Cup, which begins in February 2014 at the United Arab Emirates.  Aaron had been informed by the chairman of selectors, David Graveney, if he is selected into the final squad of 15 on or before 14th January 2014, he needs to get all the necessary documents in place.
Annual General Meeting 2013
The AGM produced two changes in the officers, Jim Hobbis taking over the treasurer’s roll from Naeem Arif and Graham Clark being elected as 1st Team captain taking over from Mark Guest.  However, the appointment of Steve Perryman ex Warwickshire and Worcestershire player and coach to become Sutton’s head coach was a signification move forward by the Club.  New posts were created with John Howard becoming Playing Chairman; Mike Mackey as Junior Chairman; Paul Heron taking on the role of Ground Chairman; Robin Wheeler as Membership Secretary and Mike Hepburn being responsible for Welfare.  Dan Childs was appointed as our overseas player and would be employed as the Club’s groundsman.
Annual Subscriptions 2013
The main income for the Club to cover the cost of the ground hire and ground preparation comes from the Annual Subscription.  These need to be paid (or arrangements to pay need to be made) by 31st May 2013 at which point membership numbers will be issued.  Failure to make arrangements to pay will lead to exclusion from selection.  Fees remain the same since 2011.
Full Playing Membership          £100.00
Students (Juniors)£40.00
Juniors (under 9)£20.00
Occasional Playing£50.00
Ladies£20.00
Social Membership£15.00
Once membership is paid, a membership number will be issued which will also ensure that the member is covered by the Club’s insurance.  Players playing without insurance will do so at their own risk
Two New Logos
Two logos were designed by John Bell, the 2nd son of Peter and produced by the President, James Ross which were mounted above the bar in the lounge, bring a modem view of the two halves of the Association between the Cricket and Hockey Clubs.
Match Fees 2013
The cost of teas, umpires, match balls, etc., come out of the match fees collected.  These should be paid before the start of each match.  Fees remain the same as 2011
Top GroundBottom Ground
Seniors£8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£4.00£4.00
Mid-week games£4.00£4.00
Junior Matches£3.00£3.00
Juniors (under 9)£2.00£2.00
Annual Dinner 2013
On Friday 1st February, with our President, James Ross the MC for the evening with more than 100 members and guests attended the Annual Dinner which took place at Moor Hall Golf Club and was a glittering success.  The attendance at this year’s Dinner was the largest for several years and is perhaps an indication that the Club has turned a corner and is on the way up, both on and off the field! If last year’s League results and the brilliant atmosphere that was evident at the dinner are anything to go by, 2013 will be a cracker
The Club bestowed Vice Presidencies upon: Paul Heron; Bobby Arif; & Mike Mackey
The occasion was graced by the presence of two guests from county cricket: Jim Troughton (Captain of Warwickshire CCC) and Alan Richardson (Worcestershire CCC) who is an ex SCCC player and was recently selected as Wisden Cricketer of the Year for 2012. This was a break from the traditional “after dinner speakers” to a new format of an interview by Paul Greetham of our two guests, and was a great success with Jim and Alan together presented a number of awards to Players and Officials of SCCC on behalf of the Club.
The 1st Xl was runners up in the WCL Premier Division and was presented with their Trophy.  The 1st Xl also won the WSL Trophy.  Individual awards went to Lee Thomason as the Junior Player of the Year; Raul Ram was awarded the Carol Hansford Trophy.  The Terry Matthews Award went to James Lunn and the Clubman of the Year went to John Howard.
Westfield Court Hotel - Concert
The Club organised its 2nd concert at the Westfield Court Hotel on Friday 15 February which was an outstanding success with more than 120 people in attendance, all of whom were regally entertained by an eclectic group of performers. Paul Greetham commenced proceedings on vocals superbly supported by Jon Kingston on keyboard and Phil Kirwan on guitar. They captured the mood of the audience perfectly with a range of standards and popular favourites.  After the interval the classically trained soprano Amelia Whiteman returned for another virtuoso performance. The difference from 2012 is that she has joined forces with soprano saxophonist Julian Smith.  Julian captivated the audience from his first note and coupled with his easy-going charm and audience interaction is very much a performer to look out for in the future.  Thanks to Dougie Brown, the newly appointed WCCC head coach, and husband of Amelia, for kindly providing raffle prizes along with other contributors, plus Carol Eustace and her staff at Westfield Court for hosting the evening.
The event was such a success that it helped raise more than £850 towards Club funds.
The Club’s New Dedicated Website
The Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club announced a new website specifically for the club’s own use, which is also aimed at attracting local sponsors and businesses to the club.  Whilst the ‘play-cricket.com’ site will continue to operate for results and ECB purposes; the new website is solely for the club. The new site can be reached by entering on your PC or laptop: -
http://suttoncoldfield.crciketclubwebsite.com
We hope all players, juniors, parents, and social members will register on the site and list any contact details.  The site is secure and only members can see uploaded pictures on the players’ profiles, so any junior information is totally secure.  The site will also be used to display our newsletters, match results, and up and coming events for everyone to look at.  In addition, there is a feature which allows you to contact members of the committee and leave them an email if you have any queries.  So please look at the website and register to be part of your club.  We would also welcome any comments or suggestions you may have for the website.  Leave your comments and/or contact details by using the ‘CONTACT’ tab on the home page (John Howard [Cricket Chairman] will acknowledge and respond to all comments).
Profile on Graham Clarke Sutton 40th 1st Team Captain
Born the 23rd May 1987 in Sutton Coldfield & Education at Four Oaks Primary School; Bishop Vesey's Grammar School; obtaining a BSc at NottinghamTrent University & MSc at Coventry University.
Graham joined SCCC at the age of 13, and played U13s, U15s and 3rd XI cricket.  He progressed to 2nd XI and made his 1st XI debut when aged only 15.  Graham has captained the SCCC U15, U16, and U17 sides.  He is also a keen footballer and likes to travel, having been to Brazil, Argentina and South Africa.
Graham agreed to stand as skipper having already captained most of the sides he has previously played in (school & University).  He says he has always wanted to captain Sutton 1sts and having been Vice Captain for the previous two years has hopefully set him up for the task ahead. Graham’s aspirations are to ensure Sutton returns to the Birmingham League at the end of this season and to continue to move the club forward with the development of all sides within the club.
New Members 2013
Five new players, who have been coming to senior nets have joined the club. James Hunt from Streetly; Ranvir Singh and Rishi Khokani from Wednesbury; Preyish Vaja who has joined us from London; and Michael Stokes, who played in Derbyshire last season. Michael is a level 2 coach and has been helping us during junior nets throughout the winter. All are excellent acquisitions and will clearly enhance the playing strength of the club.
Times “They are a-changing”
Sometime during the winter months, the club’s drinks licence mysteriously disappeared from the Club’s notice board.  This incident is a reminder of 1886, when the Club’s policy regarding cricket being played on Ecclesiastical grounds was, according to the Committee meeting minutes, “not to incur the expense of a license for the sale of refreshments on the ground on match days”. Unfortunately, Sutton Coldfield Library has mislaid this minute book when it was in their safe keeping.
However, it was agreed that a certain amount of refreshments should be ordered regularly from The Boot.  The Hon Secretary in those days was the Rev G F Hough and to aid his memory he scribbled a pencil note in the minute book that he should order 2 dozen bottles of beer and 1 dozen bottles of lemonade, which was contrary to the wishes of the Chairman, the Rev. William Bedford who had asked that the quantities should not be minuted.
Two seasons earlier the Club’s Cricket Committee received a letter of complaint from Mr. Atkins, late of The Three Tuns Inn, in which he asked for payment in respect of an old outstanding bill for the supply of beer to individual members at the Club’s ground.  The Committee repudiated this claim. As a matter of record, the Three Tuns is the oldest pub in Sutton Coldfield going back to the early 16th Century and has enjoyed in the past guests such as Shakespeare and Cromwell.
During the 1888 AGM, the suggestion that the club should have a Liquor License was again debated but it was agreed that this was not required as refreshments and drinks for match days would continue to be ordered from The Boot public house.  At the same meeting two new playing members were elected, William Ansell and his brother Edward who were the sons of Joseph Ansell, who in 1858 established the Malting at Aston Cross.
Both William and Edward joined the family business but it did not take off until Gladstone abolished the malt tax, when they decided that the brewing industry would benefit and in March 1882 Ansells Brewery Ltd at Aston Cross was born.
SCCC was one of the last clubs or pubs in the Midlands that still offered Ansells Best Bitter, but alas it was finally decided that it was no longer profitable to offer this popular beverage, even though it was still appreciated by the older members – ‘the Golden Oldies’. Times have changed and young cricketers of today have different taste buds, so Ansells Best Bitter died at the Club along with the red squirrel, which was displayed on the bar until the end of the 2012 season.
In 1903 Colonel Edward Ansell left Bromsgrove and bought Moor Hall and in 1905 it was demolished in order to construct an entirely new, modern mansion for his own occupation. All of the wood carvings and stone work were created on site, and architects from all over the country came to admire the workmanship.  The fireplace in the lounge bar has the Roman number MCMV (1905) carved in the mantel and a stained-glass window says 1906. The Ansell family lived in the new house (mansion) until 1930 when the entire 290-acre estate was auctioned off for £35,000. The mansion was turned into a hotel and the park was transformed into the Golf Course of today by builder Robert Streather.  Edward Ansell was a Vice President of SCCC for many years before the 1st World War and remained so until his death in 1930 according to the AGM of 20th March.
Sutton Coldfield Municipal Charities
We are nearing the end of our grant from Sutton Coldfield Charitable Trust which was formerly the Sutton Coldfield Municipal Charities.  To date the grant has provided the Cricket Club with full or part funding for the following items:  New nets; Outfield mower; Tractor; New bowling machine; Sightscreen; Paving outside lower ground pavilion; the Bowdry Water Hog and many other smaller items of equipment.  The grant has also funded the changes to the pavilion including the refurbished bar, the partition and the furniture.  It is worth recording the committee, players, parents and supporters of the Club their gratitude to Sutton Coldfield Charitable Trust whose help has enabled us to transform aspects of our Club.
An interview with Neil Houghton on his playing days at Rectory Park
1963 was my first year as Club Captain at the age of 24, with my final exams due at the end of the season you will guess that my parents didn’t think it was a good idea.  Back then most 1st XI players played both Saturdays and Sundays.  Competition for places dictated that selection favoured those who were available on both days.  Looking back at the 1963 averages, only 14 players featured in a season when we played 44 matches winning 20, drawing 12, losing 10, with 2 abandoned.  This was quite a commitment for married players with young children and would be difficult to repeat in 2013.
Matches were all non-league, but were very competitive with the Club's reputation at stake.  The top Clubs including Sutton were Coventry and N.W., Olton, Knowle and Dorridge, Wolverhampton, Leamington, Harborne, Stratford, Moseley Ashfield and Kings Heath.  There were no points to contend with only winning or losing the toss. Matches were regulated by time commencing at 2.30pm and finishing at 7.45pm.  So, the large pavilion clock played a major role. The need to bowl 20 overs in the last hour had not then been introduced.
The captain of the side batting first unless bowled out would normally declare at 5pm.  Late declarations were frowned on and in extreme cases could lead to questions in the bar afterwards as to the suitability of future fixtures.  Hence the expression "drinking the fixture back" came into play.  This was very different cricket compared to the league matches of today.  One of the main improvements has been the standard of fielding being much more athletic, following the pattern of the professional game.  Fielding flannels in 1963 had to be dry-cleaned so grass stains were expensive!
Rectory Park is still a magnificent ground to play cricket on.  Nothing much has changed with the marvelous setting in the last 50 years except for the improved facilities. The old thatched pavilion had its charms but the small changing hut by the side with one small basin and no hot water or showers was certainly a challenge. In those days the Club was supported by more than 70 vice presidents and over 160 non-playing members. A good number of local residents would watch the cricket from their cars parked along the top boundary fence. One of many Captains duties on match day was to appoint two players to take the "box" round the ground when we were batting to invite spectators to make a donation to the Club. Some were more generous than others but we were no danger of becoming professionals!
Twenty/20 cricket is now the world’s biggest cricket money maker.  In the back pages of 1960's Sutton fixture cards, you will find the draw for the Sutton Coldfield Festival Shield Competition, a 20 over local knock out involving 16 Sutton and District Clubs. Streetly; Walmley; Four Oaks; Water Orton; Wishaw; The Hockey Club; and Old Veseyans, to name but a few that played on Tuesday and Thursday evenings which attracted good support, especially in the bar.  Little did we know what we had started! Some 50 years on it is great to see so many young players and a thriving junior section enjoying their cricket at Rectory Park.
Water Drainage Problems
The SCCC Ground Works Sub-Committee has held a meeting with a drainage expert and plans are now being drawn up in an attempt at answering the current problems we have with flooding on the top ground.  We must find an affordable way of draining the outfield otherwise the Club will not be able to fulfill its home fixtures.  If we are able to link the solution to this problem to the other one, we occasionally have which is a lack of water for both of the squares when it doesn’t rain, then so much the better.
John Howard, SCCC Cricket Chairman
An interview with John Howard established that he is 55 years of age and was educated at Lordswood Grammar Technical School and has A levels in English, Maths with Stats and Computer Sciences, and was the school’s 1st XI cricket captain, joined Halesowen CC in 1975, then moved to Bournville CC in 1980, playing 6 seasons there, the last two as 1st Captain scoring 5,000 runs during his time with the club.  Re-joined Halesowen in 1987 batting between 4 and 6, where he averaged around 36 runs an innings.  Enjoyed playing at Rectory Park against Jamie Ross (now President), Andy Biddle, Mike Mackey (now junior coaches), and Mike Hepburn. John retired from cricket in 2000, and having moved to Sutton, his son Steven joined SCCC as a junior and John helped the U11 through to U17 winning 3 league titles.  John was Chairman of SCCC for 4 years and has since continued on the committee.  He assisted Colin Greetham when SCCC U14’s won the county cup in 2010, and the following year when the U15’s represented WCB in the National knockout losing in a regional semi- final.
John is helping Colin rebuild the club and is grateful for the tremendous support from parents, players and other members.  As Cricket Chairman, John attends selection meetings ensuring players are well represented, will always listen to members and is happy to discuss any cricketing matters.
Floodlight Cricket
Many of you will have seen the report in the Sutton Coldfield Observer announcing that SCCC is taking part in a floodlit cricket tournament held at the Walmley CC ground in Eldon Drive (off Penns Lane) over five evenings (2nd - 6th of September).  All games were played in the 20/20 format with coloured clothing and floodlights. The Club was supported by the 2013 Club sponsor, Lane Builders (The Lane Group).  The event was the first of its kind in North Birmingham and the Club was delighted to participate and played on the 2nd September SCCC against Streetly CC starting at 5.30pm; on the 3rd September we played Walmley CC, again starting at 5.30pm and on the 4th September SCCC played Tamworth CC starting at 7.40pm.  Sutton won all three games and was declared the winners as the final could not be played due to rain.
The Club wishes to record their wholeheartedly thank to their 2013 Club sponsor, Lane Builders (The Lane Group) for agreeing to sponsor and provide the coloured playing kit.
Warwickshire League T20 Competition
Sutton won the Warwickshire League T20 Competition, which was a fantastic achievement!  The Final match took place at Hampton and Solihull CC, Tippett’s Field, Marsh Lane, Solihull on Sunday 8th September 2013, when an SCCC XI comprehensively outplayed Bedworth CC.
The match comprised 20 overs per innings with Bedworth CC batting first and scoring 128 for 7 with Dan Childs and Lee Thomason both taking two wickets.  In reply SCCC reached the target in 17.3 overs with Lee Thomason scoring 62, and Aaron Thomason scoring 40 not out.  Another brilliant victory!
Highlights of the 2013 Season
A most exciting season with honors all through the club, in fact five titles, commencing with the Saturday 1st XI accumulated a record number of points and finished unbeaten when becoming Champions of the Premier Division of the WCL thus gaining promotion back into Division 3 of the Birmingham League.  The 2nd XI finished runners-up in the Premier league of the 2nd XI competition and will also play the Birmingham League next season.
The Sunday 1st XI finished its season as Champions of the WSL. This was a great achievement from a team that occasionally suffered from the non-availability of some key players. Everyone that did play far exceeded expectations!  The 3rd XI on Saturdays and the Sunday 2nd’s finished mid-table in their respective leagues and more than exceeded the Club’s aspirations for these two sides. Fabulous! Both sides provided a number of players for the Saturday 2nd XI during the season, all of whom did well.  The accent in the senior sides was on youth, and was really pleasing to see.
An SCCC side won all three of its games in the local floodlit competition and was, after poor weather ended any prospects of the final being played, awarded the Winner’s trophy by virtue of it being the only team with three wins from three games.  This competition was the Walmley Cricket Club’s Floodlit Round Robin Competition, and to beat the host club so convincingly was a great achievement.  - Walmley 123-9. SCCC 124-4 off 9.3 overs.
The SCCC U17 side reached the final of the county U17 competition, unfortunately narrowly losing out to an excellent Knowle & Dorridge team.  The senior SCCC side won the WCL T20 competition overcoming Bedworth CC in the WCL T20 final played at Hampton & Solihull CC. Bedworth scored 128 for 7 with Dan Childs and Lee Thomason both taking two wickets apiece and the SCCC team then easily reached the target with Lee Thomason top scoring with 62, and Aaron Thomason chipping in with 40. Another brilliant result in an all-conquering WCL season!  The icing on the cake in the 2013 season came on Sunday 22 September when SCCC beat Aldridge in the final of the ‘Last Man Stands’ competition. Aldridge scored 147 and SCCC replied with a fantastic 148 for 7. Brilliant! This is the fifth title won by a variety of SCCC teams, in what many are saying has been the best ever season for SCCC!  However, it would be wrong to pass over some of the outstanding performances by both players and teams and are worthy of recognizing rather than highlights of the season.
1st Xl Saturday won the Warwickshire Cricket League Premier Division with a league’s record of scoring 426 points and were unbeaten all season, winning 13 games, drew 8, lost 0 and 1 game was abandoned.  Centuries were scored by J Smith scored 135 not out against Olton, Mark Guest at home against Kenilworth scoring a century off 100 balls in his 102 and scored 128 not out against Coleshill, Lee Thomason scored 112 not out against Nuneaton and 100 not out against Bablake.  Lee just failed in getting 1,000 runs in the Warwickshire CL Premier Division, but finished with 969 runs at an average of over 60.6 runs per innings.  James Hunt scored passed 604 runs with an average of 50.3 and Mark Guest finished the season with 641 runs and an average of 37.7.  In the bowling, Dan Childs took 56 league wickets in the season, passing the 50th mark for the second consecutive season with an average 10.9 runs per wicket, with quality performances at Bablake 6 for 24; 6 for 32 against Bedworth and 5 for 28 against Handsworth.  Other notable performances were by James Hunt 6 for 35 against Highway; Captain Graham Clark took 5 for 23 against Bablake; and Mark Guest taking 5 for 22 against Nuneaton and 5 for 60 against Four Oaks.
For the Sunday 2nd Xl, in a 40 over game in the Warwickshire Sunday League, James Humpage scored 109 not out sharing an unbroken opening partnership of 170 with Kamram Fazal, 55 not out against Knowle & Dorridge at Rectory Park, after James Lunn took 6 for 32 in bowling out the opposition for 168.
Kamram Fazal, played mainly for the 2nd Team for a number of seasons, but unfortunately his availability was limited. However, he had a purple patch in the 2012 and 2013 seasons getting into the Clubs 2nd Xl average
Kamram Fazal
Congratulations to the large number of our players who have taken part in representative games and done well.  Miss Daisy Mackey, James Lunn, Raoul Ram, and Lee Thomason for the County. A special mention must be made of Aaron Thomason who has played for the County U17 side and who has progressed into the National Emerging Players Programme, as well being 12th man for the full Warwickshire County side on at least two occasions.  In addition, James Hunt, Jack Smith, George Gibbons, Ramvir Singh and Tom Wright have all been selected for the West Midlands League representative team, all made possible by the improvements made to their cricketing performances.
The Warwickshire Cricket League Premier Division 2013 Champions
Sutton 2nd Xl Batting
Games
Innings
Not Outs
Runs
Highest Score
Average
James Humpage
7
7
2
279
108
55.80
Aaron Evans
12
11
4
346
72
49.42
Kamram Fazal
4
4
1
145
55
48.33
Joel Bradbury
5
5
1
130
63
32.50
Reece Morgan
6
6
2
128
60
32.00
James Lunn
10
9
2
143
49
20.43
Sutton 2nd Xl Bowling
Overs
M.O
Runs
Wickets
B.P.
Average
Jack Holland
8
1
38
4
4 - 38
9.50
Ricky Monahan
8
0
39
4
4 - 39
9.75
Arron Evans
41
7
165
8
4 - 12
20.63
Harry Wright
39
5
192
9
5  -  8
21.33
Tom Wheeler
41
4
205
8
2 – 22
25.63
James Lunn
54
1
286
11
6 – 32
26.00
Mike Rex Hepburn.  Life Member.
One of the requirements of the awarding of the ECB Club Mark is that the Club has to have a Welfare Officer, a post Mike Hepburn has held for a number of years and in his latest report, he presented the following as a mercifully brief resume of my Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club career in which I have tried to avoid becoming bogged with dates as my memory is probably as bad as everyone else's!.
My first game for Sutton Coldfield was for the 4th team with our late President (Peter Wells), at Aston Manor. As a developing cultured cricketer, I proceeded through the ranks to become captain between 1980 and 1985. Known as "Audrey' by a lot of colleagues, I proceeded to play for Sutton through good times and bad and enjoyed the usual ups and downs of all cricketers. My Sutton career culminated in the 1993 Championship win!
M. R. Hepburn
I have been afforded the great opportunity and privilege of meeting and playing with many players who have become lifetime friends. I have also had the opportunity of playing cricket for Warwickshire Imps and most importantly of having the opportunity of playing for Warwickshire Pilgrims.
I was, in turn, Secretary, Captain and a Committee member and have always been involved with Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club in one way or another. I was Club Chairman for eight years which now does seem years ago and I hope to always continue with my support of and have a positive involvement with, the Cricket Club.
After 1993, the Victorious team disbanded and I retired from playing about 1996 although I did occasionally play the odd game here or there. I have always taken cricket very seriously and always looked for and expected proper standards to be maintained both on and off the field of play. It is a shame that the camaraderie and the consequent social life after cricket matches seem to have disappeared.
I certainly believe that Sutton is moving in the right direction after some difficult relegation years. I hope that our present team can remain together and I genuinely believe that our young team will be able to develop and prosper as a mature team, and which will hopefully take Sutton through the Divisions of the various leagues.
Currently I am the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Child Welfare Officer and I take this particular role very seriously, believing that I am completely independent should any difficulties or problems arise.
There are always people who ask for highlights of one's cricketing career, something that after so many years is a little difficult. There have been many, perhaps too many to mention, but here is a short (very short) list:
A six off the first ball at Bedworth CC
A six through the windows at Hastings comes to mind.
The first four balls of an innings going for six at Stratford for Warwickshire Pilgrims. Hitting Alan Donald for two sixes in Geoff Humpage's benefit match.
Scoring a 100 under very difficult and trying circumstances with alternative attractions at Evesham Cricket Club.
My dear wife walking behind the site-screens at Leicester Nomads (sadly the ground is no more).
There will be some that will perhaps dispute that I have always considered myself to be a 'cultured' player, however with an eye and ability to tweak the ball through mid-wicket or chip the ball over the top for either a four or six.
I am delighted that Sutton Coldfield is doing so well. My sincere hope is that the progress on the pitch continues and that the ground improvements made recently are continued, and finally, that the Club moves forward to take, what is in my opinion, its rightful position as one of the Premier Clubs in the Midlands.
Mike Mackey, Junior Chairman;
Following the election at the last AGM of a new committee position of Mike Mackey as Junior Chairman, it’s worth recording as a season to remember how this new challenge is progressing.
The UNDER 11’s Squad was quite small and the majority attended the same school, hence there was some peer pressure. The boys were very enthusiastic and tried hard but unfortunately, they came up against stronger teams in the league, although Corey Lovage did very well in his first season as captain.  It was believed that potentially, if we can keep the same squad together to form a nucleus for next season's U12's, we should do well!
The UNDER12’s enjoyed a fairly successful season finishing 3rd out of seven teams in their league. The side won five of their games, losing two, unsurprisingly to the Walmley A team and in a rather disappointing display were defeated narrowly by local friends and rivals Four Oaks Saints. There have been some excellent individual performances with Stan Pigott once again excelling with the bat in the majority of games, and new recruit Ashrit Chohan, bowled with unerring accuracy for one so tender in years. Dan Hurst has added some valuable runs and captained the side with maturity. Nathan Lawrence is also a fine young all-rounder, is one to watch in future and his enthusiasm is a joy to watch.  Both Sam and Archie Bogle have once again picked up their share of wickets. The highlight of the season was undoubtedly beating Walmley B (containing several members of the A team) when the bowling and fielding was exceptional & Stan Pigott batted like a dream.
My thanks go to all the parents who have supported the team and in particular to Brad Hurst for his assistance. I would also like to thank both Aaron & Lee Thomason for their help on Coaching nights. The lads can only improve over the next few seasons and they really are a joy to manage/coach (well nearly always!).
The UNDER 15’s side contained only four age players, the remainder of the players being below the actual age range and yet the team has performed splendidly in the U15 Premier League. They have exceeded all expectations because of their great teamwork and have finished mid table having played teams that were made up of many more age players. This bodes well for next year!  Special mention must be made of James Lunn, Raoul Ram, Balraj Singh and Isaac Mackey who have all shown fantastic improvement, especially Isaac who stepped up to the plate taking on the difficult role of wicket keeper.
UNDER17’s in the Bill Lloyd K.O. Competition played in the final away against Knowle & Dorridge at Kings Heath C.C. but lost with Joe Berry scoring 50+ out of the teams’ total of 138 runs scored.  In the semi-final against Aston Manor Sutton scored an incredible high total of 225 for 4 which Williamson scored 119.  Manor in their reply scored 171 for 8 with James Lunn taking 3 for 18 in his 4 overs.
Editors’ comments.  “Many of the players in the junior teams went on to become regular 1st or 2nd team players for the club in later seasons”.
Interview with Steve Perryman the Clubs Chief Coach.
Taking Each Session as it Comes
The position we find ourselves in is where every other team in the 1St XI Premier Division would love to be. We have achieved the leading spot in the league by dividing each game into sessions and playing each one in turn. By doing this the 1st XI has achieved a 'Winning Way' (winning three out of four sessions has usually resulted in an overall win for SCCC.
I am very pleased with the emergence of one or two players including John Sargent, who actually thinks about his game and Tom Eustace and Simeon Goode, who though they have not had too much impact on several of the games have slotted into the 1st XI seamlessly and have been reliable when needed. The whole team has excelled!
During the season on two occasions the side has found itself in trouble but instead of capitulating (this would have happened in previous seasons) the team has fought and fought and, on each occasion, rescued the situation. These results have told me more about the quality of the players we have than when we have achieved easy wins.
At the time of writing this, there are three games remaining, and we need at least 33 points from those games to ensure we are promoted back into the Birmingham League, where SCCC rightly belongs. Assuming that we are promoted, after a quick look at Kings Heath who have easily survived having been promoted this season and who have not recruited a vast number of new players, I believe we have the playing strength to do well in the higher league. Yes, it would be nice to recruit a frontline batter and a left-arm spinner and rest assured that the Club will be having a long look at the players who are available over the winter months.  During Winter Nets, we will be concentrating on individual skill levels and this should reap rewards for SCCC next season.
Annual General Meeting 2014
The AGM produced two changes in the officers’ responsibilities with Paul Heron handing over the role of ground chairman to Phil Mist and taking on a new but a very important position within the club of Fund Raiser & Sponsorship Manager.  In the playing department Aaron Evens took over the Saturday and Sunday 2nd Xl captaincies, with Andy Parker dropping down to take over the Hawks captaincy, with Bob Mewis captaining the Owls.  Kim Harvey would remain as the Ladies captain.
Aaron Thomason has been asked by WCCC to play for a Premier League Club in the B&DPCL and has been allocated to Dorridge CC.
Annual Subscriptions 2014
The main income for the Club to cover the cost of the ground hire and ground preparation comes from the Annual Subscription.  These need to be paid (or arrangements to pay need to be made) by 31st May 2014 at which point membership numbers will be issued.  Failure to make arrangements to pay will lead to exclusion from selection.  Fees remain the same since 2011.
Full Playing Membership          £100.00
Students (Juniors)£40.00
Juniors (under 9)£20.00
Occasional Playing£50.00
Ladies£20.00
Social Membership£15.00
Once membership is paid, a membership number will be issued which will also ensure that the member is covered by the Club’s insurance.  Players playing without insurance will do so at their own risk
Match Fees 2014
The cost of teas, umpires, match balls etc. come out of the match fees collected.  These should be paid before the start of each match.
Top GroundBottom Ground
Seniors£8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£5.00£4.00
Mid-week games£4.00£4.00
Junior Matches£3.00£3.00
Juniors (under 9)£2.00£2.00
Annual Dinner 2014
The Annual Dinner was held on Friday 7th February, with our President, James Ross welcoming both members and their guests before inviting Michael Dean Vice President to say grace.
The assembly was treated to some of our guest speaker, Angus Fraser, Middlesex CCC & England, BBC Cricket Commentator thoughts on players’ behavior.  Colin Greetham announced the Club’s awards and Doughy Brown, Director of Cricket at Warwickshire C.C.C.  conducted an auction and presented the following awards: -
Young Payer of the Year ………. Lee Thomason
Carol Hansford trophy …………. Jamie Humpage;
Terry Matthews Award…………. Jon Sargent
Clubman Award ……………….. Brian & Ann Wright;
Special Award …………………. Aaron Thomason (recognizing his achievements)
Aaron Thomason
Aaron was taken on the Warwickshire County Cricket Club’s pre-season tour of West Indies and played in the game against Northamptonshire CCC on the 18th & 19th March on the Windward Park ground, bowling 9 overs 2 maidens 1 wicket for 32 runs having J M Kettleborough LBW.
Aaron for W.C.C.C. 2nd X1 batting at No.7 v MCC Young cricketers scored a century.
Aaron makes his 1st team debit for the County Club when on the 27th July he plays in the RLC 50 over one day game against Middlesex at Lord’s bowling 4 overs for 23 runs.  Aaron did go to the wicket but did not face a ball.  The W.C.C.C also loaned Aaron to play in the Premier Division of the B&DCL for Dorridge CC. but Aaron did not appear to enjoy this arrangement.  Aaron was selected to tour with England Under nineteens to Australia this winter but injury prevented him going.
Sutton Coldfield Town Awards
The year ends at the Town Hall Dinner with the 1st team winning the Sutton Coldfield 2014 Sports Awards & Steve Perryman the Coach of the Year
NEW ASTROTURF PITCH
During the close season the Club has been busy requiring new equipment and facilities.  Most impressive is the new AstroTurf pitch on the bottom ground and we are most grateful to the Warwickshire Cricket Board for their support which has enabled us to replace the old pitch.  We are also grateful to Birmingham Airport who, through their Community Trust Fund, have majority funded the purchase of another new sight screen and a 3-wicket flat sheet cover.
The Friends of Rectory Park
The FORP have finally started work on a Garden of Remembrance at the rear of the pavilion – this area, for so long something of an eyesore, has already been cleared of the shrubs and saplings that had taken over the area and it will shortly take shape as a dedicated garden in memory of the soldiers who fell in the ‘Great War’.  SCCC lost 40 out of the 50 playing members who lost their lives in WWI and it is therefore fitting that this small area should be used to honour their memory and that of the many Rectory Park users who also failed to return home after WWI.
The FORP have erected a fine stone monument, suitable inscribed in a newly constructed wild flower garden with the emphasis being on the red poppy.  Referred to as the nectar bank, as it intended to attract bees and butterflies.  All SCCC members should treat the Garden of Remembrance with the same level of responsibility as our pitches.  The relatives and friends of those who fell in WWI will expect nothing less!
It was reported in 1919 by Norman Sharp “For many years an impressive Roll of Honour of those who served and gave their lives adorned the Pavilion, but unfortunately was destroyed by hooligans”.  Unfortunately, we have not been able to discover all those who lost their lives in The Great War apart from 5 name, so if at some future date someone is able to associate a Sutton cricketer who lost his life in the 1914 – 1918 conflict the Club would like to be informed.
Flooding
Part 1: - On Saturday 12th April the organised a Club Day held on Saturday 12th April, a polite name for a working party to attend to the bottom corner of the top ground around the score-box, which has been under water for more than three months after the wettest winter on record (records began in 1910) and a consequent rise in the water table has improved somewhat. It has had two tons of sand spread over the area and has been lightly rolled.
The area therefore looks considerably better than it did and appears to be more stable than it has been during the winter months and we now have a much better chance of playing cricket on the full outfield at Rectory Park.
The Grounds Sub-Committee is working hard to try and find a permanent solution to the problem once and for all, but this may take some time and incur some expense.
The FORP have diverted the surface water that ran of the car park along the back of the pavilion, by installing drainage that takes the water further down the park land, but may come out lower down.
Part 2: -
During the early part of the season, we have dug up the area of the top ground that has flooded for the last three years.  We have laid another 100m of 100mm diameter drainage pipe and back filled the three trenches.  The hope now is that this will reduce or even (we hope) eliminate the flooding problem previously experienced.  Only time will tell. The total cost of the works plus the raw materials has been substantial and SCCC will be looking to raise additional income during the close season to help pay for the completed work.
SCCC will be consulting the ECB’s Pitch Advisor (expert) on 2 September at the Saltex exhibition at Royal Windsor Racecourse to seek advice and to establish a programme of future works in order to effect further improvements to both of the Club’s cricket squares. Since the Club has aspirations to play at an even higher level in the Birmingham League, it is necessary to constantly address any groundworks issues there may be, but to also improve the playing surface still further.
The ECB pitch “expert” (Mr. Chris Wood) then subsequently visited SCCC (at no cost to the Club) and took sample cores – the result is an agreed improvement programme for the next five years which will entail the raising of a substantial sum of money for work to be carried out by contractors but will also include plenty of work for club members.
Lee Thomason
Congratulations to Lee Thomason who has been selected to play for the UNICORNS on Thursday 24th April vs Hampshire 2nd XI.  This is a tremendous achievement for the Club and again reflects the quality we have amongst our players.
Ladies Cricket
Sutton ladies are going from strength to strength. They currently play in a development 20:20 league and although the team has lost 2 games, they have already scored far more runs than previous years and taken more wickets.
The ladies have recruited more members this year and they are being transformed into a strong squad.  With the aid of Colin's professional coaching, the ladies are beginning to develop good technical skills and tactical knowledge.  So far this season there have already been very good individual performances by Becky Batsford who has already scored back-to-back centuries (114 not out and 115), and Jess Wright who took 3 wickets for 1 run in a Sunday fixture.
There are weekly varied training sessions which focus on all aspects of playing cricket, including fielding, batting and bowling, but SCCC Ladies are always on the lookout for new ladies of any cricketing ability.  You can guarantee there will always be a welcome at our training sessions which are held every Thursday beginning at 6.30pm at Rectory Park.
The Pork Pie Army
The Club’s away supporters, affectionately known as “The Pork Pie Army” brought their pies to a home game on the 19th July when they sponsored the game against Quatt CC.
The Hanging Basket Competition
A highly competitive competition that produced a considerable amount of banter during the season between the 5 competitors with all 5 baskets looked fine on President’s Day, the 23rd May 2014, with an outside judge George Hedge, FORP & former RSM declaring Peter Bell the winner. The following 1-meter-wide piece of art work appeared on the club room by an unknown clever computer worker.
No one would accept responsibility in producing the above, which was a metre wide.
The Supreme Sacrifice! – SCCC Remembers
By Peter Bell for the 19th Issue of the SCCC Newsletter
2014 marks the Centenary of the outbreak of World War I, an event which lasted for more than four years, which affected the whole of Europe and almost all of the rest of the world.
On the 4th August 1914 at 11pm UK time, Great Britain declared war on Germany and “The Great War” began. From the moment Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria, heir to the throne of Austria-Hungary was assassinated in Sarajevo on 28th June 1914 by Gavrilo Princip,  a Yugoslav nationalist, war was inevitable.
Only a few days earlier the Austro-Hungarian army had fired the first shots in preparation for its invasion of Serbia, on 28 July 1914. At that time Russia had an alliance with Serbia. Germany, fearful of the combined might of Russia and France, seized the initiative by invading France via neutral Belgium. Britain’s Prime Minister Herbert Asquith issued an ultimatum to Germany demanding that they leave Belgium by midnight on the 4th August - Britain had guaranteed Belgium’s neutrality since 1839. As no guarantees had been received from Germany by 11pm UK time (Midnight German time), Asquith duly announced that His Majesty's Government had declared that a state of war existed between Great Britain and Germany.
Most of Europe subsequently became embroiled in WWI with many millions of soldiers fighting in the trenches in the most appalling conditions, resulting in almost 16 million people being killed or declared ‘Missing in Action’ (no body found). During the Battle of the Somme alone in 1916 upwards of 90,000 Allied soldiers were killed in a matter of only a few days.
It wasn’t just the nation that suffered the loss of its young men, SCCC lost nearly fifty of its members most of whom had signed up immediately following the declaration of War. This was so catastrophic that if a similar situation was to occur today (and let’s hope it never will) it would wipe out the Club’s entire adult membership!
WWI resulted in the mobilisation of more than 70 million people (60 million of whom were Europeans). Lord Kitchener’s poster designed by Alfred Leete asked all able-bodied men to volunteer for the army under the banner “Your Country Needs You” and more than 50 members from Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club enlisted. The final pre-war 1st XI fixture was therefore played on the 8th August 1914 at home to Camp Hill Old Edwardians.
During WWI, convalescent camps were built in Sutton Park to allow injured soldiers to recuperate before returning to their units. During the four years of WWI some 90 officers and 3,000 men were billeted in the park. The small number of matches that were played consisted mainly of scratch sides playing against service elevens stationed in the locality. The war took a dreadful toll of members, including Percival A. Grove (killed in 1916) and Arthur J. Lilly, Hon. Secretary and Hon. Treasurer respectively. Their loss was a severe blow to the club. Arthur Lilly, Hon. Treasurer from 1906 until he joined the Birmingham City Battalion, made the supreme sacrifice in the battle of the Somme in 1916.
For many years an impressive Roll of Honour of those who served and gave their lives adorned the SCCC Pavilion, but unfortunately this was destroyed by hooligans.  The Club’s record of those who lost their lives in the ‘Great War’ has therefore been lost and the Club appeals to anyone who has knowledge of a family member who played cricket or hockey for the Club but did not return after the war to contact SCCC with full details.
Some records do mention a few individuals including:
William Leslie Onions (Captain of SCHC team), Rowland Murray Wilson-Browne (SCCC), Russell Sandon Turner (SCHC), Lawrence Jack Preedy (SCCC), Thomas Lionel Edwards (said to have been a keen cricketer) and Stanley John Ellison (BVGS).
Clubmark Renewed
The Sutton Club is delighted to announce that it has received official approval of the way in which the club is run and that the Club has been duly granted Clubmark approval for the fourth consecutive time. The latest England & Wales Cricket Board (ECB) Clubmark Certificate for 2014 to 2017 will soon appear on the walls of the Clubhouse alongside the three previous certificates.
The Clubmark accreditation system covers all aspects involved when running any UK cricket club but concentrates in particular on the development of junior players of all ages and of both boys and girls.  For accreditation, there is a need to show that the provision of suitable coaching is effected by qualified and vetted coaches, that the facilities on offer within the club are up to the very highest standards and that there is an agreed development programme in place, so that in future young people wishing to learn how to play cricket can do so in safe surroundings when they will be watched over and guided by the very best coaches available.
ECB Clubmark is a national standard which is the key to improving internal systems and playing conditions within a cricket club and is an essential requirement in todays’ cricketing world. It has to be renewed every three years with the renewal process being a lengthy one and one that is very time consuming.
The completed accreditation documentation is then checked very carefully by an ECB Approved Assessor and only when he or she is totally satisfied is approval granted. Often approval is withheld pending additional work, but in SCCC’s case, 2014 ECB Clubmark has been granted first time!
This is a tremendous honour for the Club and is one of which all members should be immensely proud!
The Tower of London & a Tribute to our Fallen WW1 Members
Life Member, Peter & his wife Sue Bell recently visited the Tower of London on a lovely sunny day to look at the Poppy Tribute in memory of those Service men and women who fell in WW1. Below is an abridged version of their visit, with the complete report on display on the Clubhouse notice board and in the Lounge.
“An early start entailed us joining crowds of people slowly making their way to Tower Bridge and thereby blocking the traffic in the process. What a glorious sight the sea of poppies made in the morning sunlight.  An army of volunteers were assembling the ceramic poppies on to what appeared to be 18inch metal spikes before being placed in the grassy moat around the Tower.
Family members were telling their children of the significance of the visit and the poppy display, others were remembering those who lost their lives in the Great War.  My personal thoughts were for the 40 SCCC Members who failed to return.
You have all been able to read in previous Newsletters about the Club’s loss of its Secretary, Percival Grove and its Treasurer, Arthur Lilly, but another player, Horace Shenton, who was the son of a farmer and a motor mechanic also sadly died during the so-called Great War. Horace was not the sort of person you would not normally expect to see playing cricket for SCCC in the 1910’s alongside players mostly drawn from the ‘Professions’ including the clergy, the medical profession, ex-military officers, accountants or solicitors, Aldermen, Councilors and JP’s and ex Mayors of Sutton Coldfield.  He must therefore have been a good cricketer!
Horace Edgar Shenton was born in 1879 at Hints, near Tamworth, Staffordshire.  His parents were Isaac and Mary Shenton, who farmed 380 acres in Hints and he was the family’s youngest son. He had two brothers Ernest Arthur, who was 5 years older, and Stephen 11 years older, and two sisters, Ellen Elizabeth who was 16 years his senior and Mary Ann who was 7 years older. His father died early and the family then moved to Maney Hill, Sutton Coldfield, when Horace was educated at New Hall College.
Between 1899 & 1902, Horace served for 18 months with the Worcestershire Yeomanry and took part in the Boer War. Thereafter, before WW1 Horace was employed in the Automotive Machinery Trade.
Horace played cricket for Old Maney CC, Sutton Town CC and Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.  SCCC’s records show that he played his last game for our Club on 4 July 1914 for the 2nd XI away at Wolverhampton CC. He batted at No 6 scoring 18 runs and later bowled 6 overs, 1 of which was a maiden, taking 1 wicket for 27 runs.
He enlisted in the Army in 1914 with the City Battalion in Birmingham on its formation and subsequently entered France on 21 November 1915. His medal card shows him as Lance Corporal and later as a Corporal serving in the Battalion Police before being wounded by shrapnel in his back on the 31st August 1916.
Horace was returned to the UK for an operation in Leeds and after several operations he was transferred to Chisleden Wiltshire and put on light duties, but he sadly died of his wounds on 27 August 1917 at Chisleden Military Camp (France & Flanders) when aged 38. He was buried at Sutton Coldfield Cemetery Plot B.C. 3.
Horace Edgar Shenton is commemorated on the Boer War Roll of Honour at Holy Trinity Church and on the Sutton Coldfield Memorial in King Edwards Square.
Details of Horace’s demise were reported in the Sutton Coldfield News on 7th October 1916 and again on 1st. and 8th September 1917”.
Lane’s singing Sutton’s praises from the roof tops!
Gary Lane, Director of Lane Roofing, has confirmed that the company will continue sponsorship of the club for another year. Gary said: “We are delighted to support the club going forward after another successful year and look forward to extending our support and connections within the community”
Playing Chairman John Howard expressed his delight with the news: “The club really appreciates the support from Lanes – the funding from them is vital to the Club’s development plan and is entirely allocated towards providing quality coaching across all ages to help us continue with our work. Our coaching is second to none in the North Birmingham area and we intend to increase coaching support again this year.
Extracted from the MCCC 2015 Year Book
SUTTON COLDFIELD 2014
For the second consecutive year Sutton Coldfield CC had a very successful season, in the main created by the First XI on Saturday which meant they gained promotion into Division 2 of the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League, being Division 3 Champions.  But there were many other successful aspects to the Club apart from just the playing side, aspects that encourage the playing side a chance to show their abilities. Commencing with the Committee members, they had real true Sutton Goldfield
President, in James Ross, who has held the position for several years, setting a good example to all members of the Club. The Club would not be in their potential position if it wasn't for the efforts made by Colin Greetham, as Chairman, Colin had his finger on the whole working of the Club, both the administration and the playing side of the Club. There is no aspect of the Club that Colin is not interested in, and his efforts put into these aspects over the past few years has proved to establish the Club as a leading light in Midlands Cricket.
The 1st XI on Saturday, as previously stated, won the Division 3 Title, which followed the gaining of the Warwickshire League, 1st Division Championship in 2013, which ensured their return to the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League. The side was Captained by Graham Clark, with Jack Smith as Vice-Captain, the batting was led by Lee Thomason and James Hunt, who both scored over 500 hundred runs during the season, the bowling attack was well served by Stephen Howard and Dan Childs who took 36 and 35 wickets respectively Dan was the Overseas Player, in his third season for the Club, and combines his playing side, conscientiously with carrying out his duties of Groundsman.
The 2nd XI (Saturday) had a satisfactory season finishing mid-table in Division 3, Aaron Evans proved to be a useful Captain, with both helpful batting and bowling performances. The leading batsmen were Jon Sargent, Raul Ram, Joe Berry, James Lunn, Jacob Brotherton and Simon Goode, whilst the main bowling rested with Vice-Captain, Martin Ball, Sam Sargent and Reece Morgan, Adam Duckers took 8 catches a 2 stumpings.
The 3rd XI (Saturday) whom played in the Premier Division of the Warwickshire League were Captained by Andy Parker, the outstanding batsmen being Geoff Hodginson and the outstanding bowler being Stuart Russell.
The 4th XI playing in Division 2 of the Warwickshire League finished in a creditable fifth position, with Bob Mewis as Captain bringing on the younger players in the side, in their first season.
After winning the 1st XI Division 1 Championship in the Warwickshire Sunday league in the 2013 season, the last XI (Sunday) were relegated, the outstanding player being Marco Higgins who made a top score of 100 runs.
The 2nd XI (Sunday) finished mid-table in the 2nd XI Division 1 of the Warwickshire Sunday League.
The Junior section of the Club was as in the past, a flourishing part of the Club, having two practice evenings every week, and fielding five teams, who achieved a certain amount of success.
The Under 10's, although not winning any competitions, saw some good batting from Charles Villanueva, whilst Raheem All produced some worthwhile bowling performances, with Sam Sargent contributing in the coaching of the side.
Mike Mackay was in charge of the Under 11's, passing on his experience to the side, who finished half-way in the North Birmingham League, the top run scorer was Woody Pugh, and the leading wicket taker was Roan Hemming.
The Under 13's relied upon Akron Rayworth-Brooks for his batting, and Luke O'Brian for his bowling, they were contributory in the winning of the North Birmingham League, and being runners-up in the Warwickshire County Cup competition.
Andy Biddle passed on his experience to the Under 13's, who had some good performances from Stan Pigott in the batting and Sam Bogle in the bowling.
The Under 15's, who were managed by Mike Mackay finished in a respectable 6th position in the Premier League, they were well served by James Lunn in the batting department and Adam Hipkiss with his bowling. The team will maintain their premier Division status in the 2015 Season.
The Under 17's XI reached the Warwickshire County Cup Semi-final.
The Junior section was well served by a keen set of coaches, and was distinctively organised by the Chairman Mike Mackay, who has held the position for a number of years.
The Ladies section was again dominated by the Chairlady, Kim Harvey, and can prove to be difficult at times. This season they only played 3 matches in the Twenty-20 Development League, losing to Five Ways and Kings Heath but winning against Standard. It is still early days for the Ladies Teams, but Kim will persevere to create improvements.
The way that Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club has developed over the past few years has been, in the main, due to some hard-working efforts carried out by the Committee members, under the organisation of the Chairman, Colin Greetham, Colin's policies should never be underestimated.
Steve Russell has now been Secretary for 4 years, and is a fine servant to the Committee with his good organization, which is matched by the Treasurer, Jim Hobbs, who has made his mark with his meticulous approach in the few years that he has held the position. Two other members of the Committee who have relatively recently arrived upon the scene, to serve in critical positions, are Chairman of the cricket Committee, John Howard, and Ground Committee Chairman, Phil Mist, both are able to apply their experience to these positions for the benefit of the Club.
A member of the Committee for a number of years is Paul Heron, who first showed an interest in the Club when his Son Andrew, commenced playing as a Junior Player, this interest continued after Andrew went to university, and ceased playing for the Club. Paul's continuous work has been to obtain information regarding the availability of Grants and sponsorship to the Club, an interest that has benefited the Club to a great extent. Another Stalwart for a number of years is the Fixture Secretary, Hugo Russell, who ensures that the Fixtures List is continuous; Hugo is the 2nd XI (Saturday) Umpire.
Sutton Coldfield First XI (Saturday) are very fortunate to have the services of Steve Smith as Scorer, a position that Steve has held for ten years. Robin Wheeler, who applied himself well to carrying out the duties of Membership Secretary, has resigned, thanks go to Robin for all his efforts that he carried out keeping the Club Records in good order. The necessary Membership List will now be incorporated by Roy Hopwood, who has become the Club's Webmaster, and is involving himself in the responsibilities that this position creates, by demonstrating his computer skills, that are required.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club will be looking forward to the 2015 Season with some anticipation and confidence, based upon the fact that they have an experienced, and hard-working Committee, together with a young and successful set of players, who will be wishing to improve upon their successes obtained in the past two seasons.
Highlights of the 2014 Season
6
The 1st Xl won the B&DCL’s 3rd Division at the first time of asking
CLUB
P
W1
W2
WD1
WD2
TD
ED
LD
L
A
BTP
BWP
PEN
PTS
SUTTON COLDFIELD
22
4
8
2
2
0
0
1
1
4
10
16
0
340
A Number of the Individual Performances for the 2014 Seasons
1st Team Batting Averages in the B&DPCL
Games
Inns
Not Outs
Runs
High Score
Avg
50s
100s
1st Team B&DPCL Bowling Averages
O
M
Runs
Wicks
5 Wicket Haul
Economy Rate
Strike Rate
Ave
Steven Howard
149
17
467
35
0
3.13
25.54
13.34
Lee Thomason
39
4
152
11
0
3.90
21.27
13.82
Dan Childs
170.4
45
480
34
2
2.82
30.12
14.12
Tom Eustace
7
1
47
3
0
6.71
14.00
15.67
Graham Clark
83.2
13
300
17
0
3.61
29.41
17.65
Mark Guest
138.2
22
540
30
0
3.91
27.67
18.00
James Hunt
105
17
416
20
0
3.96
31.50
20.80
2nd Team B&DPCL Batting Averages
Player
Games
Inns
Not Outs
Runs
High Score
Avg
50s
Jon Sargent
8
7
0
241
63
34.43
2
Raul Ram
11
10
4
206
90*
34.33
1
Jacob Brotherton
8
8
2
186
85*
31.00
1
Simeon Goode
7
7
0
162
44
23.14
0
Rhys Morgan
6
5
1
79
35
19.75
0
James Lunn
11
11
0
217
54
19.73
1
Samuel Sargent
14
11
5
114
33*
19.00
0
Joe Berry
12
11
0
199
37
18.09
0
Steve Russell
8
8
1
109
29
15.57
0
2nd Xl Bowling Averages in the B&DPCL
O
M
R
Wicks
5 Wicket Haul
Economy Rate
Average
Joe Berry
32.2
2
150
14
1
4.66
10.71
Martin Ball
87.2
16
323
17
0
3.70
19.00
Samuel Sargent
95
19
374
18
1
3.94
20.78
Aaron Evans
101.5
28
352
14
0
3.47
25.14
Jon Sargent
29
7
105
4
0
3.62
26.25
Simeon Goode
33.2
2
170
6
0
5.12
28.33
3rd Xl League Batting Averages
Games
Inns
Not Outs
Runs
High Score
Avg
50s
Rhys Morgan
6
5
2
177
85*
59.00
2
Geoff Hodgkinson
9
9
1
363
81
45.40
4
Joel Bradbury
5
5
0
220
75
44.00
3
David Mott
6
6
1
209
77*
41.80
2
Sam Hornby
3
3
1
76
56*
38.00
1
Mike Mackey
6
6
1
102
48
20.40
0
Steve Russell
5
5
0
87
40
17.40
0
Isaac Mackey
6
6
0
84
60
14.00
1
3rd Xl League Bowling Averages
O
M
R
Wicks
5 Wicket Haul
Economy Rate
Average
Clem Prosper
16
2
19
7
1
1.19
2.70
Andrew Parker
47.5
2
182
14
1
3.83
13.00
Stuart Russell
74.3
17
225
16
1
3.03
14.10
Simon Moore
26
2
120
8
0
4.62
15.00
Balraj Singh
52
4
199
11
1
3.83
18.10
4th Xl League Bowling Averages
O
M
R
Wicks
5 Wicket Haul
Economy Rate
Average
Priyesh Vaja
10
3
26
3
0
2.60
8.7
Jonathan Wager
15.3
0
94
7
0
6.14
13.4
Rob Mewis
75
12
222
15
0
2.96
14.8
Harry Wright
31
2
186
10
0
6.00
18.6
Luke Humpage
46
2
231
9
0
5.02
25.7
ECB CLUB MARK 2011- 2014
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club receive congratulations from the ECB on achieving Clubmark re-accreditation 2011 – 2014, which confirms your ongoing commitment for being safe, effective and child-friendly cricket club.
Hog Roast Success & Celebrations!
Saturday 13th September was not only a great day on the field for the Club when the 1st XI won the final game of the season and the team was subsequently crowned League Champions of the 3rd Division of the B&DPCL, but it was also a great night off the field when some 100 people attended the Hog Roast which followed the game. The bar was packed from 5pm through to 11pm, and the Clubhouse has been reported as being the busiest ever seen.
200 Club Re-Launch
Over the years, the SCC&HC 200 Club has raised significant funds and the efforts of those people who have been involved in its administration is most appreciated.  However, it is believed by both the cricket and the hockey sections that a fundraiser of this type is better marketed separately and the 200 Club in its current form was disbanded.
Additionally, there has not been a 200 Club draw for approaching 12 months.  Former 200 Club promoter Hilary Heron has kindly agreed to bring the draws up to date so that the Club can be disbanded properly.  A condition of this is that Hilary wishes to make it clear she has had no involvement in the draw since October 2013.
200 Club rules allow the prize fund to be administered by draws as deemed appropriate as long as the joint club receives a stipulated percentage of the fund.  To this end there will be a number of draws done simultaneously representing each month outstanding, with a single prize per month.  The joint Club will also receive approximately £600 to £700 depending on when the draws are actually completed.  This is likely to be some time in November or early December 2014.   Details of how the remaining funds have been allocated will be published on both Clubs’ websites.
A proportion of the remaining 200 Club participants have hockey interests, some have joint hockey & cricket loyalties (i.e., former or current players of both clubs), but around 66% of the participants are largely former cricketers or parents of cricketers.  It was agreed at a recent GPC (joint Club) meeting that the Cricket Club would take over the 200 Club bank account as part of their new re-vamped fundraiser, writing to all current 200 Club participants to ask if they wish to stay in the new Cricket Club fundraiser which will begin when the current 200 Club is disbanded.
Those who currently pay by direct debit who wish to remain in the new Cricket Club fundraiser therefore need to do nothing but those who wish to withdraw (maybe those with more of a hockey connection), should inform their bank accordingly.  The new Cricket Club fundraiser will provide a single monthly prize which will grow as more people join.  Details will be provided in due course on our website and in future newsletters.
Junior Section’s AGM
The Junior AGM took place on Tuesday 18 November 2014, when Chairman, Mike Mackey reviewed progress during the 2014 season.  Mike outlined the plans already in place for junior representation in 2015 and practice arrangements during Winter Net sessions and on Friday nights in Summer. Rob Haines was welcomed onto the junior Committee, and Mike Mackey and Phil Mist were re-elected as Chairman and Secretary of the Junior Section respectively.
Mike Mackey confirmed that Friday night junior attendance and subscriptions from the junior section again increased last year when SCCC welcomed more than 100 junior members to the Club which enabled teams at U9; U10; U11; U12; U13; U15 and U17 to be selected. In 2015 SCCC hopes to establish an U14 team and a girls’ team and possibly arrange some friendly fixtures for the girls if numbers continue to increase.  He went on to say that it is vital that Parents get involved as Team Managers and/or as volunteers!
SCCC again sent coaches into some schools in the Sutton area and will offer this facility again in 2015. There will be four more Level 2 ECB coaches in 2015.  Feedback from the parents on a Friday night was excellent and 2014 winter nets were a vast improvement on the previous year thanks to Colin, Matt Parker and Steve Howard.  2015 winter net dates and an application form are on the web site (www.suttoncoldfieldcricketclub.co.uk) - the response so far has been really encouraging.
Individual Achievements in 2014 included: James Lunn and Conor Grieves playing in the Warwickshire U15 team; Daisy Mackey represented Warwickshire girls at U11 level; Felix Haines and Stan Pigott represented the District at U9 and U12 level respectively and during 2014 10 junior players made their senior club debuts (only four last year) with three of these representing the first XI on a Sunday – Fantastic!
SCCC is establishing a cricket Academy in 2015 to promote junior cricket and help further improve player skills.
Finally, Mike Mackey thanked Great Barr Pharmacy and Mr. & Mrs. Chohan for their tremendous continued support of the junior section of SCCC!
Presentation Evening
The Presentation Evening was held in the Pavilion on Friday 10th October 2014 sponsored by Great Barr Pharmacy
Award Winners in the Junior Section were as follows: -
U10 Batting: Charles Villanueva;
U10 Bowling: Rahim Allen;
U10 Coaches Award: Adam Burns;
U11 Batting: Billy Sansome;
U11 Bowling: Roan Hemming;
U11 Coaches Award: Woody Pugh;
U12 Batting: Aaron Rayworth-Brooks;
U12 Bowling: Luke O’Brien;
U12 Coaches Award: Max Smith;
U13 Batting: Stan Pigott;
U13 Bowling: Rahim Khalil;
U13 Coaches Award: Jacob Squire-Wood;
U13 Special Awards: Archie & Sam Bogle;
U15 Batting: James Lunn;
U15 Bowling: Adam Hipkiss;
U15 Coaches Award: Connor Greaves;
U17 All-Round Performance: Raoul Ram;
U17 Special Award: Joel Bradbury;
U17 Most Improved Player: Henry Roper;
Senior Team Awards:
Sunday 1st XI Player of the Season: Marco Higgins;
Sunday 2nd XI Player of the Season: Tom Perraton;
Saturday 4th XI Player of the Season: Henry Roper;
Saturday 4th XI Most Improved Player: Ben Dunningtom;
Saturday 4th XI Special Awards for 100’s: Will Curwen & Will Sharpe;
Saturday 3rd XI Batting: Geoff Hodgkinson;
Saturday 3rd XI Bowling: Stuart Russell;
Saturday 2nd XI Batting: Jon Sargent;
Saturday 2nd XI Bowling: Sam Sargent;
Saturday 2nd XI Special Award: Joe Berry;
Saturday 1st XI Batting: Lee Thomason;
Saturday 1st XI Bowling: Steven Howard
Saturday 1st XI Special Awards: Lee Thomason; Marco Higgins; James Hunt
The SCCC Academy
The Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Junior Academy got under way in December 2014 with 15 junior members invited to attend. Age group coach recommendations formed the basis of the invites. The Academy is being supervised by Steve Perryman and Colin Greetham. Initial impressions are that the boys show high standards and commitment which is good!
Over the next season it is planned that the group will have the opportunity to:
improve skills and techniques
specialise in aspects of these skills
develop respect for each other as players and coaches
improve mental strengths
improve and deal with weaknesses
gain greater tactical awareness
have an opportunity to participate "on tour"
have an opportunity to experience first team atmosphere
SCCC is indebted to Birmingham Metropolitan Sutton Campus for affording the Club an opportunity to use its Sports Hall and classroom facilities for the benefit of the Academy. We wish to develop the link further in the future.
The Academy is a venture financially supported by SCCC, parents and with contributions from individuals who are interested in developing youngster's skills. Investing in the youth section in this way, we believe, will help secure the future of the club.  This is the first of many academies that we hopefully will be running in years to come and all players have the chance to participate, if they show promise and potential.
SCCC is constantly seeking to secure sponsorship from local businesses and individuals who value developing young people's skills in this way.
Annual General Meeting 2015
The Chairman advised the membership that the Club would have to withdraw a side from the Warwickshire Sunday League because of the lack of players prepared to play on Sundays.  This situation was because of the extensive travel and the length of B&DPCL Saturday game, senor players were not available on Sundays and after much deliberation it was agreed that the Club would put a side in the WSL lower division consisting of junior (young players), which was necessary as the Saturday 1st team had been promoted to play in the 2nd division of the B&DPCL.  All officers were prepared to stand and were duly elected as follows
President: -    James Ross
Club Chairman: -    Colin Greetham
Hon Secretary: -   Steve Russell
Treasurer: -   Jim Hobbs
Cricket Chairman: -    John Howard
Grant investigator: -    Paul Heron
Ground Chairman: -    Phil Mist
Webmaster: -    Roy Hopwood.
Committee Members were: - Les Lunn, Ken Lancaster, Hugo Russell.
Captains elected were as follows: - 1st and 2nd team Saturday captains, Graham Clark and Mark Ball respectively.
It was agreed that the various other sided captains would be elected by the committee at a later date as a certain amount of sorting out of the other side captains was necessary when players’ availability was known.
Dan Childs would again be returning to Sutton from South Africa as our overseas player and groundsman.
Annual Subscriptions 2015
The main income for the Club to cover the cost of the ground hire and ground preparation comes from the Annual Subscription.  These need to be paid (or arrangements to pay need to be made) by 31st May 2015 at which point membership numbers will be issued.  Failure to make arrangements to pay will lead to exclusion from selection.  Fees remain the same since 2011.
Full Playing Membership          £100.00
Students (Juniors)£40.00
Juniors (under 9)£20.00
Occasional Playing£50.00
Ladies£20.00
Social Membership£15.00
Once membership is paid, a membership number will be issued which will also ensure that the member is covered by the Club’s insurance.  Players playing without insurance will do so at their own risk
Match Fees 2015
The cost of teas, umpires, match balls etc. come out of the match fees collected.  These should be paid before the start of each match.
Top GroundBottom Ground
Seniors£8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£5.00£4.00
Mid-week games£4.00£4.00
Junior Matches£3.00£3.00
Juniors (under 9)£2.00£2.00
Potential Ground/Club Improvements
Following consultation with the joint Cricket & Hockey Club committee, SCCC is in the early stages of planning to build a new score-box building which will also accommodate ground machinery.  For those who have been to Brewood Cricket Club, it would be similar to that facility.
There will be many hurdles to cross, not least planning and grant funding but the SCCC Committee believes this is a priority so that the Club can ensure that its expensive machinery is kept in the best possible condition, to improve the facilities for scorers, improve the drainage where the current scorebox is situated, and rid ourselves of the containers which have always been an issue with park users and the Council.
Other future projects under consideration are a partial re-configuration of the main pavilion changing rooms and showers to provide best use of the facilities. SCCC is always looking for ideas from members and friends of the Club.
Sutton Coldfield Observer Sports Awards
The Sutton Coldfield Observer Sports Awards for 2014 took place on 30th January at Sutton Town Hall when the Club was nominated in four sections: Coach of the Year; Senior Team of the Year; Club of the Year; and Male Sports Personality. Guests representing all the various sports activities that take place in and around the Town attended the event. It is on occasions like these that you realise how wide and varied these are and the high standard at which they are played. SCCC was fortunate enough to gain two of the awards: Senior Team of the Year and Coach of the Year.  Congratulations to our Saturday First XI and to Steve Perryman who won awards, with James Hunt being runner-up in his category.  It is good to win such recognition two years running and to appreciate that the local community is recognizing the Club’s success.
Potential Ground/Club Improvements
Following consultation with the joint Cricket & Hockey Club committee, SCCC is in the early stages of planning to build a new score-box building which will also accommodate ground machinery. For those who have been to Brewood Cricket Club, it would be similar to that facility.
There will be many hurdles to cross, not least planning and grant funding but the SCCC Committee believes this is a priority so that the Club can ensure that its expensive machinery is kept in the best possible condition, to improve the facilities for scorers, improve the drainage where the current score-box is situated, and rid ourselves of the containers which have always been an issue with park users and the Council.
Other future projects under consideration are a partial re-configuration of the main pavilion changing rooms and showers to provide best use of the facilities. SCCC is always looking for ideas from members and friends of the Club. Please contact SCCC on sccccomm@hotmail.co.uk.
Sutton Coldfield Observer Sports Awards
The Sutton Coldfield Observer Sports Awards for 2014 took place on 30th January 2015 at Sutton Town Hall when the Club was nominated in four sections: Coach of the Year; Senior Team of the Year; Club of the Year; and Male Sports Personality.
Guests representing all the various sports activities that take place in and around the Town attended the event.  It is on occasions like these that you realise how wide and varied these are and the high standard at which they are played. SCCC was fortunate enough to gain two of the awards:  Senior Team of the Year and Coach of the Year! Congratulations to our Saturday First XI and to Steve Perryman! Well done everyone!
Annual Dinner Report 2015
At the best attended SCCC Annual Dinner for a number of years, which took place on Friday 13 February 2015 (there’s an auspicious date?), some 128 people enjoyed a great evening of celebrations at Moor Hall Golf Club.  Grace was said by Nigel Lyon, appearing in the attire of a vicar, with an interesting & humorous rendering, but a little controversial.
Good Food was accompanied by a tremendous Guest Speaker (Robert Croft of England and Glamorgan CCC fame) and the sight of several Club Members receiving Awards from SCCC Chairman Colin Greetham and Robert Croft of Award Winners.
Congratulations are due to all of the recipients who by their efforts have helped SCCC to improve still further both on and off the field.
SCCC President, James Ross paid tribute to the efforts of Director of Cricket Steve Perryman, in raising playing standards within the Club, and to Chairman Colin Greetham for his sterling work on behalf of the entire club and also his tireless work when coaching the large group of youngsters coming through the playing ranks.  James confirmed that he believed the future of the Club is in good hands.
Guest Speaker Robert Croft wound up the evening with a very witty and enjoyable presentation when he regaled the assembled gathering with tales drawn from his many years playing County Cricket for Glamorgan but also when he played for England. At the end of his speech, Robert paid tribute to the way in which SCCC is helping to develop and support grass roots cricket in the area.
Robert and the Chairman made awards to the following members.  The Terry Matthews Award went to Raul Raam and the Carol Hansford went to Jacob Squire-Wood, with the Player of the Year to Joel Bradbury and Clubman of the year went to Anne Sargent.  A special vote of thanks went to Paul Heron for his tireless efforts in organising yet another fantastic evening!
The Warwickshire County Cricket Club Handbook 2015
Two quotes from this year’s handbook are worth recording as follows.
Quite uniquely, I imagine, Sutton Coldfield twins, Archie and Sam Bogle both took hat-tricks in the U13s League this season (2014) – well bowled lads!
Also mentioned in the handbook was Daisy Mackey in both the Warwickshire under 11 Girls game against Derby with both the ball and the bat; and in the under 14 games against Northants with the ball; against Staffordshire scoring 16 runs not out; In the Malvern Festival Daisy scored 15 not out & taking a couple of wickets; In the home game against Northants, Daisy was invited to open the batting.
Site-screens & Roll-on Covers
The new site screens and roll-on covers were delivered in time for the start of the 2015 season.  Both the top and bottom squares should benefit from the additional protection the new covers will provide.
Harold E Robinson (player, scorer, umpire) A Great Club Man!
SCCC Club Historian, Peter Bell has recently been reading a number of letters handed to him by the late Norman Sharp, which Norman had received from Harold Edward Robinson, a SCCC player in the early 1900’s. The contents of the letters cover a period of 60 years from 1908 to 1968.
Harold was born in 1908 in Sutton Coldfield and living close to the Boot Public House, Rectory Park became his playground. Prior to 1950, the entrance to the Park was a footpath from Riland Road, and another opposite the main entrance to Good Hope Hospital. With the advent of the motor car, a top gate provided the entrance to the cricket ground, and small boys from Boot Hill including Harold earned a few coppers by manning the gate. The ‘gate’ boys helped the opposition carry their bags to and from the ground. One penny among a dozen boys bought a bagful of buns from Bromwich’s! ‘What a feast’ quoted Harold.
In the early 'nineteen twenties' Harold made himself useful in the pavilion by doing a lot of odd jobs including putting the numbers on the score board and scoring for the 2nd and “A” teams. He showed promise of being a useful cricketer, but had an accident in 1926 losing his right arm when falling between a moving train and the platform. In 1927 Eustace Felton the 1st X1 scorer retired, and Harold took over. A few years later, Jack Garland, the 1st team umpire, retired and Harold then became the Club umpire.
At the outbreak of World War II, Harold moved south, and when cricket resumed in 1945, he quickly became one of the leading umpires in the South when he joined Malden Wanderers in the London area where the famous Bedser twins started their cricketing careers. Harold was invited by MCC to go on to the 1st Class list but he had already agreed to join Col Reihe Kent and the ‘Band of Brothers’. Harold was the first non-Kentish man to stand for ‘The Band of Brothers’, now known as ‘Free Foresters’ of Kent. Harold umpired with Jack Hobbs and Frank Woolley and was also a junior football referee taking charge of a n England Vs Scotland Schoolboy International at Wembley.
Harold was held in high regard at Lords and was involved with Tom Smith (Chairman) and Douglas Jardine (President) in setting up the Association of Cricket Umpires (ACU) in 1953.
Harold last visited Sutton in 1968 when his second son was running in the National Cross Country Championship in Sutton Park. Peter Bell had the pleasure of meeting Harold during the tea interval when umpiring with the Sutton Coldfield 1st XI. Norman Sharp and Harold Robinson remained life-long friends and communicated by letter regularly until Harold’s death in 1971.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket & Hockey Club Ltd
As most members of the cricket club are aware, SCCC is a ‘Constituent Club’ which together with the Hockey Club forms part of a Company Limited by Guarantee known as: Sutton Coldfield Cricket and Hockey Club Limited.
The Memorandum and Articles (rules) of the company were written over 40 years ago and have formed the guidelines for both Constituent Clubs until 2014. Recently the decision was taken by the General Purposes Committee (GPC) of the Limited Company to update the rules within which both Constituent Clubs operate. At the recent AGM of the Limited Company, a new set of rules were presented to the assembled gathering which were accepted by simple majority vote. These new rules have now gone to a Solicitor to formalise them under today’s UK Company Law and when ratified will be on the Clubs’ notice board.
The new rules require some minor changes to the way in which both clubs operate and therefore SCCC members will be informed of these changes in due course. One of the changes is that for 2015 onwards, Membership forms will need to be completed annually to ensure that our Membership list is up to date to avoid any potential difficulties with the various Leagues that SCCC plays in and UK law.
Any SCCC Member wishing to play an active part in the decision-making process operated by SCC&HC Ltd, please contact Phil Mist, GPC Secretary for details.
The Mural
The Friends of Rectory Park have funded both the clearing of the area behind the pavilion and the mural on the rear wall of the pavilion.  It is a stunning piece of work, unique to the park and locally, which will form an attractive backdrop to the memorial stone and garden and will look fantastic when the wild flowers bloom again in summer.
President’s Day Success!
The President had enjoyed (such a phrase is probably inappropriate) wash-outs on six out of the previous eight dates he had selected for his SCCC President’s Day.  However, 2015 certainly broke the mold as President’s Day dawned bright and clear, instead of the more usual rain, rain and more rain.  SCCC enjoyed sunshine for virtually the entire day and then to cap it all, the 1st XI produced a superb win against Penkridge CC, which as fate dictated, was a top of the table clash.  A great day was had by all!
The assembled guests were treated to not only a superb game of cricket but in addition were able to enjoy superb hospitality provided by the President with a fantastic lunch comprising chicken curry and rice prepared by Mrs. Manju Chohan and a huge selection of cold extras which were followed by a number of brilliant deserts! Thanks to everyone who worked so hard to make the day such a delight.
President’s Day is not just about cricket, it is about saying thank you to a large number of people who help the Club out on an almost daily basis.  The SCCC President takes his role at the head of the Club very seriously, and although his day is a way of saying ‘thank you’ to many club stalwarts including the lovely ladies who happily bake cakes and complete a number of other tasks within the club, it is also a day on which Club members are able to thank its President for his continued support.
For the record, SCCC 1st XI batted first and scored 260 for 4, Lewis Harrison top scored with 125, Lee Thomason scored 69 and Tom Eustace weighed in with a quickfire 26.  In reply Penkridge were bowled out for 123 with Steven Howard taking 4 for 40 and James Hunt taking 4 for 14 off 12 overs.
Pre-application gets the OK!
Birmingham City Council has finally reported back to SCCC that the pre-application for planning consent for the proposed equipment store on the top ground at Rectory Park has received cautious approval from the Regeneration and Planning Department.  This is of course just the first step of what will undoubtedly be a long and rocky road, but at least it’s a start!
The hard work starts now, with the preparation of accurate plans of the proposed building and an accurate plan of the intended position of the final building.  Whilst the officers of BCC have not guaranteed that official building consent will be granted (they never do), there is reason to believe that providing SCCC follows official guidelines, planning consent will be forthcoming.
The entire process will take some time, probably the best part of 12 months.  This timescale should give SCCC sufficient time to raise the necessary funds for the equipment store, but to also enable accurate plans to be drawn up ready for final submission to BCC planers.
The SCCC’s 200 Club:
The new 200 club run purely for the benefit of the SCCC, sine it split away from a joint GPC run event, because very few subscribers were from outside the cricket club. The monthly draw commenced covering May and June 2015 with the P. Okninski the winner receiving £46 and the runner up was Jon Miller received £16 for the May draw and in June the winner was John Howard £45 and H.P. Heron received £16 as the runner up.  The draw was supervised by both the Club Chairman and the Junior Chairman
GREETINGS from THE FAR EAST by JOE ILLINGWORTH
OWLS Captain 1986
Many current SCCC members may not remember me, but I represented Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club from the early 1980s until the mid-1990s. I emigrated from England to Malaysia in 1997, the country of my mother, to witness a different type of life. I also enjoy the sun which is in plentiful supply in this far-flung equatorial paradise. One thing I didn’t expect to find was cricket!
The most popular sports played here are badminton, hockey, football, futsal and ‘Sepak Takraw’ (Kick Volleyball). The latter needs a lot of agility to keep a small ball made out of dried palm leaves airborne over a net. Only the feet, knee, chest and head can be used to touch the ball. I played it once and had back ache for weeks!
Not expecting to see cricket played over here, imagine my surprise then while driving to a supermarket, to pass a field where a game of the noble game was in progress. I immediately turned the car around so that I could take a closer look. I met the team coach, a Mr. Terry Tharma, an ex-state player, and whilst chatting with him, my love for the game was rekindled. A couple of weeks later I took to the field and bagged a couple of wickets. Bit lucky really, rank long hops which were top edged straight to midwicket. Lucky boy! And, oh yes, my batting is as boring as ever!
I have since found that there are a number of cricket clubs in Malaysia with various tournaments taking place. Many of the pitches are of the matting or artificial turf variety. However, a few of the bigger, more established clubs have natural grass strips. I had the opportunity to play at an international standard ground (Bayuemas Oval), not far from where I live, and which has been used as a venue for ICC matches in the past. I now represent the Royal Klang Club where we play mostly ‘village’ style cricket, though the youth team has been involved in a variety of tournaments.
Games are usually played in the afternoon. The T20 format is adopted mostly, though sometimes we play 25 or 30 over matches. One of the things I struggle with, are the lunches. You see, they serve lunch before we start and lunch isn’t something light. Instead, we are expected to tuck in to a feast of curry of various descriptions, fried chicken, fish, vegetables, rice and roti canai (a type of flatbread). You are stuffed before you start, unless you are careful! After the match it is the usual fare with plenty of beers, and yes, more curry!
When it rains, it really rains! However, it dries up quickly once the sun comes out. The humidity is around 80%, meaning that no sooner you have taken that long, cooling refreshing shower and got dressed, you feel like you need another one! I have got used to this over the years, but taking the field for 20 or 30 overs is challenging, though drinks are placed around the boundary edge to guard against dehydration.
It was fantastic to pop back to the club recently, while holidaying with my son. I see that my picture is still on the wall! Many thanks to Colin and Phil, who made me welcome with a warming drink of hot coffee, much needed! I also met Mike ‘run machine’ Hepburn who hasn’t changed a bit. As I gazed across the ground memories came flooding back and I admit I do miss playing on that lower ground.
Well, until the next time, ‘selamat tinggal’ (stay safe).
Andy Biddle
Andy joined the Club as a schoolboy in 1981 and this year we all celebrated his 50th Birthday on 11th July, although the celebrations of this event commenced with Andy and Mike Mackey flying to the West Indies to watch England play in the 3rd test at the Kensington Oval, Bridgtown, Barbados which was won by the West Indies by 5 wickets.  Our troopers stayed at the same hotel as the England team and managed to fly home with them on the 6th May.  Andy found himself travelling alongside the England Captain, what a thrill for Andy to get first-hand how the game was won.  Never missing an opportunity Andy sought Alastair’s permission for a photograph.  Interviewing Andy back at the club, he referred to his meeting with Alastair as a very pleasant person to pass the time of day with, although Alastair made no mention of meeting our hero on his return to the UK.  Andy sponsored the B&DPCL game against Brewood C.C followed by a party open to all members. – a great way to celebrate your half century.
18th Birthday - WCCC
Aaron Thomason celebrating his 18th Birthday accompanied by many of the Warwickshire C.C.C. 1st team players at the SCCC Pavilion
Peter Bell
Peter celebrated his 50th year with the club by sponsoring Bank Holiday Monday 31st August game against Old Elizabethans C.C. and inviting some 50 old club members and friends to afternoon tea.  The combined years of service by four of the Life Members attending afternoon tea, Neil Houghton 61 years; John Robinson 44 years; James Ross 45 years; and Peter 50 years amounted to 200 years of service to the Club.
Sutton Coldfield C.C. 1st Team 2015
Highlights of 2015 Season
Promotion again for the 1st team, as runners up to Bridgnorth C.C. and they will be playing in Division 1 of the B&DPCL in 2016 season, although it was a close-run competition with Bridgnorth just edging Sutton into the runners up position.
Although Sutton had the best of the encounters with Bridgnorth winning one game and a winning draw in the other d to rain curtaining the game. Sutton Won the B&DPCL T20 KO competition although having qualified for the final they were acknowledged underdogs, so it surprised everyone in the semi-final played at Bromsgrove C.C when batting first against Berkswell CC (a Premier League side) scoring 225 for loss of 4 wickets. Berkswell tried hard in reply, but finished 57 runs short.  In the second semi-final Barnards Green CC beat Shrewsbury CC by 8 wickets.  So, Sutton played Barnards Green (a division 1 side) in the final winning the toss and batting first but nearly threw it away when scoring only 132 all out in 16.5 overs. In reply Barnards Green batted steadily when scoring a run a ball. At the start of the 20th over Barnards Green needed seven runs to win. Lee Harrison bowled a tremendous last over, taking three wickets for only 3 runs. SCCC therefore won by four runs.
Notable performances:
Highest Individual total – James Hunt with 73 runs;
Highest Aggregate score - Lee Thomason 119 runs;
Best bowling – Lewis Harrison six for 25 Vs Barnards Green CC
Half Centuries – James Hunt; Lee Thomason (x2); Tom Eustace
Highest Bowling Aggregate – Lewis Harrison with 9 wickets for 60 runs.
A great day’s cricket and reward for all our supporters who turned up on the day!
Match Report on Sutton Coldfield 1st team V The Legends team of 2003 on Sunday 5 July 2015
On the Waitrose/SCCC Open Day, the 2004 Legends won the toss and elected to bowl, which was perhaps a minor error in that the teary representing the current SCCC XI went on to score 280 for 8 off 40 over; with SCCC's usual No. 11 Dan Childs scoring 60 and being second man out when the score was already 150.  Further notable scorers were Marl Guest (skipper of the SCCC XI) who reached 57 off 41 balls; Steven Howard with 40 off 51 balls; and Lee Thomason who reached 45 off only 21 deliveries. Perhaps the most amusing incident occurred when Aaron, the younger of the two Thomason lads (now part of the future of Warwickshire County Cricket Club) got off the mark with a Chinese cut through his legs and then immediately got out to one of two catches, taken by SCCC 'Legend' Mike Dean — even more amusing was that Mike, himself a superb all-rounder for SCCC in 2004 and for many other years, couldn't actually manage to get a ball to the other end of a 22 yard strip in pre-game practice and then went on to get nought!  This was just one of the moments which provided a huge amount of amusement for the large number of onlookers. The Legends attack comprised Will Spear (0 for 48 off nine over); Andy Owen (1for 54 off six overs); Richard Norgrove (1 for 55 off nine overs) and Richard Seager (3 for 29 off seven overs), backed up by Sam Irvine who bowled four overs taking 1 for 23 and Jon Ship who took 2 for 52 off his five overs. All of the above showed they haven't actually lost it, but time has in some cases simply taken its toll! Sorry lads!
In reply to the challenging SCCC score, the Legends reached a very creditable 188 all out off 34.1 overs, with Jon Ship reaching a tremendous 83 off 66 balls, and Chris Munn and Mike Randall chipping in 6with 24 and 23 respectively.
All things considered it was a great game of cricket with the 'old men' showing more than a few glimpses of their talent, Hugo Russell gave up his Sunday to umpire at both ends and a large crowd thoroughly enjoyed themselves.  But, isn't that what cricket is all about?  Our thanks go to our local Waitrose Supermarket at Mere Green for sponsoring the game.
Awards Evening held on 18th September 2015 in the Club’s Pavilion
Sutton Coldfield C.C Awards
4th XI Batting Award
Ben Dunningfon (collected by Henry Roper)
4th XI Bowling Award Archie Bogle
3rd Xl Batting Award Elliot Needle
3rd XI Bowling Award Tom Perraton
2nd Xl Batting Award
George Westlake (collected by Martin Ball)
2nd XI Bowling Award
Sam Sargent (6 for 33 Vs Kings Heath)
1st XI Batting Award Lee Thomason
1st XI Bowling Award James Hunt
Sunday XI Tom Eustace
Other Awards
Mark Guest 106* Vs  Womboume
Lewis Harrison 125 Vs  Penkridge
Dan Childs 7 for 14 Vs  Wombourne
SCCC Junior Award
U10 Batting Award  Jack Hurrall-Woodward
U10 Bowling Award   Neil Chakrabati
U10 Coach's Award   Sam Hay
U11 Batting Award      Will Thomas
U11 Bowling Award    Felix Haynes
U11 Coach's Award   Aiden Bums
U12 Batting Award        Billy Sansome
U12 Bowling Award    Luke Bishop
U12 Coach's Award   Dominic Lee
U13 Batting Award    Jabar Dad
U13 Bowling Award  Benedict Newman
U13 Coach's Award   Nathan McKenna Patel
U14 Batting Award     Riduoan Asselman
U14 Bowling Award   Raheem Khalil
U14 Coach's Award    Elliot Needle
U15 Batting Award Reagan Beamish
U15 Bowling Award Jacob Squire-Wood
U15 Coach's Award James Lunn
The SCCC’s 200 Club:
The winners of the newly promoted 200 club draw, run purely for the benefit of the SCCC.
July winner was Chris Munn receiving £45 and the runner up was Matt Taylor who received £15.  The September draw winner was Jim Hobbis receiving £47 and the runner up was Peter Bell who received £16 and the Club benefiting with £63.  The results for October were Ken Lancaster receiving £47 with the runner up, Kim Edmonds receiving £16.
The 2004 Legends by Dan Davis (40th captain seasons 2005 – 2008)
I've spoken with a couple of the guys from the championship winning side of 2004 and the most common thing that springs to our collective, ageing memories was just how much fun it was. They were very special times indeed and we also played some pretty good cricket along the way. Our opening partnership - Richard Dandy and Jon Ship - were two of the most talented batsmen I've had the fortune of playing with and you knew if their wickets were intact after 20 or so overs, you had a good chance of winning the game - whether setting a total or chasing.
Then there was the pro Tim Groenewald. Hard working doesn't even come close and its testament to his single-mindedness and work ethic that he's gone-so far in the game. Deano - you taught him everything, although he can't drink like a true Sutton great!
Speaking of Deano, or should I say 'The Legend of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club', he was also a serious player. Bowling 27 overs down the hill whilst constantly hitting the seam would get most top league batsmen in trouble - and they frequently were.  I've still never seen anyone getting hit for a boundary take it more personally than the big man!!
Speero and Miller coming on first and second change and hooping it round corners also helped matters. They were both fairly high up in the banter stakes as well.  Ask Speer how he introduced himself to Deano whilst playing for local rivals Aston Unity.
There were also some younger players like Mark Guest, Sammy Irvine and Graham Clark coming in to the side and playing regularly too and I'm glad to see that they have gone on to realise the potential that they were showing in 2004 (not you Sam).
It is going to be a pleasure to come back and share memories with great friends who formed bonds on a sporting field (and in the bar) that will never be broken.  To anyone I've missed talking about from the 2004 side, I apologise. You can remind me how good you were later on.
Thanks very much for having us all back and here's to a great day back at the 'Rectory Utopia' (Paul Smith circa 2006).     Up the Royals!
Index
Chapters
Period
Page
10
1966 - 1970
11
1970 – 1979
20
12
1980 – 1989
49
13
1990 - 1999
64
14
Personalities
83
15
2000 – 2010
115
16
2011 - 2015
137
Index
185