Chapter XV   2000 – 2010. A New Millennium
Annual General Meeting 2000
Adrian Sutton stood down as the club’s secretary with Paul Greetham taking on this important roll but relinquished the Sunday captaincy of the 1st Team in favour of Richard Dandy.  The only other changes were David Taylor moving from the captaincy of the Grasshoppers to the Hawks with Andy Thomas taking on the Grasshoppers job.
Francois van de Merve, from South African was engaged as our overseas player
Annual Dinner 2000
An annual dinner was held at Aston Wood Golf Club on Friday 28th January with Fred Truman OBE, Yorkshire C.C.C. and England 1952 to 1965 speaking about his life in cricket and in the Northern Clubs as an entertainer, The presentation of club awards and prizes were made by both the President, Peter Wells and Mr F.S. Trueman OBE.
1st Team results in 2000
The 1st team had a good season in the 1st division of the B&DPCL with four batsmen producing some good performances with Jon Ship scoring a total of 527 runs with an average of 28.2 and a highest score of 93.  He was closely followed by Richard Dandy with an aggregate total 494 runs with an average of 29.1 and a highest score of 193 not out.  The other two runs’ contributors were Louis Aspelling with 443 aggregate total of runs with an average of 27.7 and Paul Smith (released by Warwickshire C.C.C.) with 419 runs to his credit and an average of 26.2.  In the bowling, R. East took 58 wickets at a cost of 19.12 runs per wicket
A Memorable Game and Cup Winners
This involved the Sunday 2nd Team who travelled to play against Coventry & N.W. Cricket 2nd team in the final of the Robert Atherton K.O. Trophy.  Having arrived at the Binley Road ground it was clear to all that there was no possible of any play as it had rained all day and a bowl-out was impossible.   With neither side being able to agree on a replay date, it was agreed that the face of a coin would determine the result.  The Coventry captain tossed the coin and the person, Gaz Durrani, who had travelled the furthest, would make the call.  Gaz called correctly so Sutton were declared the winners and won the trophy without a ball being.  So “Sutton won by a Distance”
Under 17’s
The Sutton under 17’s team won the Warwickshire Under 17’s League.
Annual Ball
The Ball was held at the Aston Wood Golf Club, on 23rd September 2,000, with dinner at 8 PM and dancing at 10 PM to The Red Lemons.
Annual General Meeting 2001
This AGM was a very quiet affair with only a couple of changes in the captains in the lower sides.  On Saturday the 2nd team would be captained by Ken Lancaster and on a Sunday the 2nd Xl captain would be Dave Taylor replacing James Ross and Naeem Arif respectively.  The Hawks and Grasshoppers would remain in the hands of Dave and Andy.
Annual Dinner 2001
An annual dinner was held at Aston Wood Golf Club on Friday 26th January with Geoff Miller, Derbyshire C.C.C., Essex C.C.C. Natal and England who proposed a toast to the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.  Geoff as an England Test selector gave an insight in to the difficulties in selecting players to go on overseas tours.  The President assisted by James Ross and Geoff Miller presented a number of awards.
1st Xl
In a 45 over KO game away against Barnt Green, J. Ship opened the batting and scored 109 runs when the innings closed at 217 for 8. In reply Barnt Green closed at 215 for 9 wickets leaving Sutton the winners by 2 runs. In a match home to Aston Unity, Randall opened the batting and scored 126 out of a total of 241 when the Sunday League of 45 overs closed. In reply Unity were all bowled out for 39 runs in 15 overs.
Outstanding 2nd Team Games.
In a Warwickshire Sunday League game which is limited to 40 over per side, Sutton scored 365 for 8 wickets declared at Griff & Cotton; Bobby Arif 165 not out and Abdul Raqib 114, with a partnership of 156 runs in 18 overs.   In another WSL game Sutton at home against Kings Heath scored 340 runs for the loss of 6 wickets, with Bilal Aziz 212.
Bobby scored 510 runs in the season at an average of 51.0, including a second hundred against Kenilworth.
A New Lease
The Club through the SCC&HC L agree a new 30-year ground lease covering 3.33 hectares is signed on 25th December 2001 with Birmingham City Council, at a charge of £3,000 per annum payable in advance by 4 equal payments per quarter day reviewable upwards every 5 years
Annual General Meeting 2002
James Ross who had been Chairman since 1998 stood down and was duly thanked by the President for his years of service.  Nigel Lyon was elected the Club’s Chairman, with Michael Dean being elected treasurer in place of Hugo Russell and was also thanked for his years of service.
Richard Dandy took over the Saturday 1st Team captaincy from Jon Miller and retaining the Sunday captaincy with Bobby Arif becoming the 2nd Team Saturday captain and A. Raqib being responsible for the Sunday team and Steve Budd becoming the Hawkes new captain.
Annual Dinner 2002
An annual dinner was again held at Aston Wood Golf Club on Friday 25th January with Gladstone Small, Warwickshire C.C.C. & England stepping in at the last minute for Chris Cowdrey.  Our President, Peter Wells proposed a toast to our Guests which Gladstone gave a very interesting reply.
The 1st Team
Rob Cuncliffe from Leicestershire C.C.C. was released to play for us when not required by L.C.C.C. and Paul Smith, Ex Warwickshire C.C.C. also joined us.  The Club also engaged Waquas Chugtai, an 18-year-old fast bowler from Pakistan as our overseas player but because of his age league rules prevents him bowling as much as we would have liked.
Highlights of the 2002 Season
The M.C.C.C. elected James Ross “Cricketer of the Year”
Richard Dandy wins the 1st Xl 2nd Division Warwickshire Sunday League player of the year award and the 2nd Team win the Division 2 cup K.O. against Kenilworth.
Bobby Arif 2nd Saturday Xl Captain took 7 for 18 runs in 23 overs bowling Pelsall C.C. out for 112 runs in reply to Sutton’s modest total of 136.
The Under 13 Xl was the Group Winners of the Warwickshire Cricket Board.
The GPC
The Association of the joint clubs was re-organised, with the Cricket Club taking over full responsibility for the ground maintenance.  The Club acquired its first set of roll on roll off covers.
Annual General Meeting 2003
The AGM was rather a quiet affair with only changes in captaincy mainly in the 2nd team with both Bobby Arif, and A. Raqib standing down as Saturday and Sunday captains and were replaced by Jimmy Little and M Ahmed respectively.  The Grasshoppers also had a new captain in A. Hatch.  The President was pleased to announce that W.N. (Neil) Houghton, had been elected Chairman of the Warwickshire County Cricket Club, a post he holds until 2010
Annual Dinner 2003
Aston Wood Golf Club had now become the venue for the Club’s Annual Dinner and on Friday 31st January close to 100 members and guests attended with Richard Sperry being invited to say grace, which he did, in his did in his now customary humorous but respectful manner.  Peter Wells proposed a toast to our guests and the Hon Christopher Cowdrey, Kent C.C.C., Glamorgan C.C.C. & England, responded apologising for having to withdraw twelve months earlier.
Highlights 2003 Season
Although three players in the 1st Team had outstanding performances, they did not prevent the Club being relegated for the 1st Division in the Birmingham & District Premier League at the end of the season.  The club had engaged Victor Walker-Randall, a South African as our over-seas player who scored scores 515 runs in the Saturday league side.  Richard Dandy also scored over 500 runs, just making it with 505 runs.  Michael Dean took 48 league wickets.
However, as conciliation, the 1st Team won the Warwickshire Sunday league Division 1 Championship which they shared with the Harborne Cricket Club, but lost in the cup final to Nuneaton.
The Sutton Sunday 2nd Xl won to retain the Division 2 cup with a victory in the final over Olton & W.W.C.C.
The 3rd Team won the West Midlands North Division Club Cricket League Championship.
Obituary to Graham Williamson
All members were saddened at the sudden death of Graham Williamson on the 19th July 2003 at his home in Knowle following being stung by a bee while mowing the lawn a few days earlier.  Graham had joined the Club in 1983 after graduating at Manchester University and became 1st team Saturday captain in 1985 and held both the Saturday and Sunday 1st Team captaincies.  Graham was a fast-scoring batsman, who also provided the impetus and support to boost the team with his hard-hitting style.  In 1983 he scored 637 runs on Saturdays with an average of 28.9 and his 106 not out won the game again against Olton.  Graham relinquished the captaincies in 1987 and left the area in 1989 joining Knowle & Dorridge C.C.  Graham was an excellent after dinner speaker and would always entertain his audience with his humor and did just that in the Club’s Annual Dinner in 2001.  His funeral in Knowle and afterwards at the K&D C.C. Clubhouse was well attended by Graham’s many friends in Sutton.  The B&DPCL instigated the Graham Williamson KO trophy, which is competed annual in Graham’s memory.  Graham left a widow Julie and two young sons.
ECB Club Mark
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club is awarded English Cricket Board Club Mark accreditation, and is the first club in Birmingham to receive such an award
Annual General Meeting 2004
Nigel Lyon stood down as the Club’s Chairman for which the President, Peter Wells thanked him for his years of service. John Howard a relative new member, who now resided in Sutton and had a considerable amount of club cricket management with the Halesowen Cricket Club and was duly elected as Chairman.  After a lengthy discussion and a vote regarding a new position of a Club Captain, who did not necessary have to be a captain on the pitch and would play in whichever team his ability warranted it was unanimously agreed that Paul Greetham would be elected as the club’s first “Club Captain”.  The only other change in the Club’s officials was J-P Shannahan replacing Steve Budd as the Hawkes Captain.
It was announced that Tim Groenewald from South Africa, an all-rounder was to be engaged as our overseas player.  Incidentally Tim was taken on as a professional with Warwickshire C.C.C. before moving to Derbyshire C.C.C. and in 2015 joins Somerset C.C.C.
Annual Dinner 2004
Aston Wood Golf Club had now the home for the Club’s Annual Dinner and on Friday 30th January a 100 members and guests attended with Neil Houghton, now Chairman of Warwickshire County Cricket Club saying grace.  Peter Wells gave an interesting prologue on our guest speakers’ cricketing career from Natal C.C, Hampshire C.C.C. and England of Robin Smith, who finished his address with a toast to the Sutton Club.
Sutton Coldfield C.C. 1st Team 2004
Highlights 2004 Season
The 1st Team win the B&DPCL 2nd Division Championship and will be back in the 1st Division in 2005 and the 2nd Xl win their division in the B&DPCL.  The Under 15’s juniors win the W.C.C.C. Super 6 Cup and the under 13’s win the Warwickshire Under 13’s League.  The Club played a number of Friendly games; one was for the Sponsors of an organization in support of the English Deaf Society. One of our own members played as he had a hearing disability.
Vandalism
In last week’s Sutton Coldfield News, there was an article by Peter Bell, "Knocked for six by vandal attack" and his “Ode to the Last Safe” which highlighted the vandalism attacks on the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, who have been playing cricket in Rectory Park since the club was formed by the Rector, the Rev Riland-Bedford in 1847.  During the first 150 years the vandalism was minimal, but the last 5 years it has steadily increased. In the last six weeks the Police have issued a number of crime numbers covering damage sustained by the club on Friday Nights.
Last Friday the 6th August, the Vandals returned to see what other damage they could inflict.  Tried to get in through the roof but decided that was too dangerous, so they forced a window open, smashed open the pool table, forced open the door to the Bar, broke an internal wall down and attempted to open the safe.
The safe weighs 5 tons and is made of 2-inch steel and came from the old Midland Bank around 1970, it’s a solid five foot high safe with a double key locking system in a three-inch steel door.  The vandals decided to try and get into the safe from the back and somehow managed to push the safe over.  During this venture the club's alarm system came into action so the Vandals removed the alarm bell from the front of the club house and pulled the alarm system off the wall.
Vandals reading this would you please note that we only keep in our safe our valuables, brandy, whisky and gin but no money, so please leave us alone as too much of our resources are being used to repair damage rather than being spent on cricket, in particular junior cricket and ladies cricket.
We are trying to offer the residents of Sutton Coldfield regardless of age or sex an opportunity to enjoy cricket, whether playing or watching on a very pleasant ground within a beautiful park. My Ode to the Last Safe was published in the local press, as follows.
Ode to the Last Safe
By Peter Bell
I have closed my door for the very last time
after fifty years in the prevention of crime,
looking after the club's Brandy, Gin, Whisky, and Wine
kept within my steel body for short periods of time.
My door was always opened with care and attention
using a long key to penetrate my internal dimension,
I would respond with a loud click to certify my intention
of opening my steel door with the minimum of stimulation.
Villains, with an electrical grinder, gave me a terrible fright
when they attacked my body in the middle of the night.
ignoring the fact, that I am 5 tons in weight and six feet in height
and built in the late nineteenth century, long before the era of flight.
I had served Midland Bank for over sixty years with distinction,
retiring in the sixties to watch Sutton play cricket as a relaxation.
Last week, when attacked I was thrown on my back, without any consideration
so, arrangements were made for me to become a totally new creation.
I have now been uplifted and shipped to a steel plant in Chin'er!
to be smelted and rolled, into either a cheap new bar shutter,
or to be sold by Ratners to those awful villains as crap or clutter,
like a fork that bends and a knife that won't cut butter.
Annual General Meeting 2005
This year’s AGM produced a number of changes to the committee with Ken Lancaster becoming secretary, Simon Newby taking over the treasures position, from Paul Greetham and Michael Dean respectively.  Richard Dandy relinquished the 1st Team Sunday captain in favour of Dan Davis, but retained the Saturday captain’s position. J-P Shannahan stood down as the Hawkes captain in favour of Mirza Ahmed.  Paul Greetham was reelected as Club Captain.
Tim Groenewald, returns for a second season as our overseas player and is offered a 2-year contract with Warwickshire C.C.C.
The Groundsman’s Shed
After many years, and probably due to a lack of maintenance aided by vandals who would climb on to its roof, it collapsed.
Subscriptions 2005
Full Membership          £120.00
Junior Members/Students/Non players £30.00
All Subscriptions Must be paid by 31st May,
N.B.  Payment of a subscription gives entitlement to Personal Injury Cover.  Membership Cards will only be issued on receipt of payment.
Match Fees 2005
Top GroundBottom Ground
Full Members £7.00£5.00
Juniors/Students£3.00£3.00
Annual Dinner 2005
Aston Wood Golf Club has now the regular venue for the Club’s Annual Dinner which was held on Friday 4th February, with our President, Peter Wells, M.C for the evening, proposing a toast to the guests and our principal guest, Ronnie Irani Lancashire C.C.C., Essex C.C.C. & England responding.  The evening celebrated a very successful 2004 season with the 1st Xl winning the First Division of the Birmingham League.  The First Xl batting award went to skipper Richard Dandy, while the bowling honour was given to Michael Dean, who finished the season with a bowling average of under 10 runs and took 50 wickets.  The Second Xl batting award went Charles Harwood for the second year running.  Naheem Safdar was the recipient of the Third Xl batting award and young James Worsfold gained the bowling prize.  The 1st Xl Player of the Year was Mike Randall with Naheem Safdar and Mark Bell also honored for their performances in the second and third teams.  The award for Junior Player of the Year went to wicketkeeper David Hansford, who captained the successful under -15s to the Portman Cup.  Clubman of the Year was awarded to Taz Ahmed and President Peter Well received a special award.
Birmingham Sports Council Award
The Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club was declared Sports Club of the Year on Friday 25th February 2005 at the Birmingham Sports Council Awards evening at the NIA.
The Club was nominated by the Warwickshire County Cricket Club, and beat a short list of five, which included Birchfield Harriers Athletics Club.  The outgoing Chairman, Nigel Lyon, and, current Chairman, John Howard, were delighted with the award.  John said: “This reflects the tremendous effort, dedication and team spirit over the past five years which has gone into improving and offering the best in all respects to cricketers of all ages.”
The award finishes a successful season, both on and off the field.  On the playing, side, the 1st XI won the Birmingham. Premier League Division 2 and were joint Winners of the Warwickshire Sunday league Division 1.
The under-13 and under-15 teams won their respective county championships.
Off the field, Sutton Coldfield became the first club in "Birmingham to achieve the ECB Clubmark award, which recognizes quality coaching for junior members in a totally friendly and safe environment. Sutton is also a Focus Club designated by the Warwickshire County Cricket Board.
John added: "The Clubmark award is the culmination of some extremely hard work, by several members of the club. "Praise must go to Eric Harding (club administrator) and Colin Greetham (chairman, junior section), for their time, devotion and determination in helping achieve this award." Winter nets are well under way and outdoor nets start on 14th April for senior playing members and 16th April for juniors.  The club is also taking part in Cricket Force. (A combination of Changing Rooms painting and Ground Force teams working on the ground) during the weekend of April 2 and 3.
The project is a community initiative centered on the cricket club whereby local businesses and people from the community are invited to spend time and donate materials, labour or any appropriated resources to renovate the facilities.
Sutton is also seeking active partners in the community and within local businesses to help take the club further forward with its development plan.  The award was well covered by the local newspaper “The Sutton Coldfield News”
Cricket Force
A national event whereby NatWest Bank offered cricket clubs a financial inducement to take up their challenge to carry out ground improvements at their club over a weekend under the title “Cricket Force”.  The Weekend designated by NatWest was the 3rd & 4th April.
Memorial Bench
The club was presented with 6-foot teak bench on Wednesday 20th May 05, by the Captain’s Mother, Lynda Dandy in memory of her late father Don Thornton, who prior to his illness had been a regular supporter watching his grandson Richard Dandy grow up while developing his cricket ability to become 1st Team captain.  Unfortunately, the bench was stolen the next day and never recovered, despite a reward being offered by the Sutton Coldfield News, in their weekly paper out on Friday 29th May under a title: -
Reward for Stolen Memorial Bench.
By Nick McCarthy
Heartless thieves have stolen a memorial bench from Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, which was only delivered last week. The club, which is based -on Rectory Road, is demanding that people “spare a thought for the man” it honoured and they have since offered a substantial reward for information that leads to its recovery. The six-foot teak bench, presented by the family of the late Don Thornton, a distinctive inscription “In memory of Don - he was happy here."
Don, grandfather of first team captain Richard Dandy, had spent many weekends watching games before his death in January. His daughter, Linda Dandy, told the News that she and-her family were devastated with the theft and were now preparing to break the news to mother. She added “I did not think people would do this kind of thing. They may have tried to sell it, but it looks like a memorial bench and we just hope that somebody can contact the club or the police with information.
Scandalous
"We had only sat on the bench once and now it is gone. Watching Richard play cricket was one of the few things my father could do as he got older and it is just very sad for all of us." Club Spokesman, Peter Bell, described the incident as scandalous and he said the club was determined to recover the bench. He added: "During last year's cricket season one of our memorial benches was taken by vandals and was used to mike a fire in the woods in Rectory Park. “This latest theft, of another memorial bench, shows more callous disregard for people's feelings. "The family presented the bench for the
Gwen Thornton & her Son, Tony
benefit of all who wish to enjoy the beauty of Rectory Park and we plan to replace it."
Anybody with. information on the theft, which happened sometime between (May 18) and Friday (May 20), can contact the club or can call police in Sutton CoIdfield on 0845 113 5000.
Birmingham Sports Council
The Club received the Birmingham Sports Council’s award for the Club of the Year 2005.
A Land Mark
Mark Bell first played for 1st Team at Aldridge Cricket Club when he was12 years of age in 1974 and scored his first centaury for the Club 31 years later in 2005 in a 3rd Xl game against The Valley on 7th August 05 with 100 not out.  In this game, he also kept wicket taking two catches, but took the gloves off to have a bowl and took two wickets. To show it was no fluke he scored a century in the 2006 season before retiring from playing cricket.
Annual General Meeting 2006
The 1st Team Saturday captain, Richard Dandy stood down and Dan Davis took on this roll but decided to give up the Sunday captaincy with Sam Irvine taking on this responsibility.
Steve Budd agreed to return, as the Hawks captain and again Paul Greetham was reelected Club Captain.
Subscriptions 2006
Full Membership          £120.00
Junior Members/Students/Non players  £30.00
All Subscriptions Must be paid by 31st May,
N.B.  Payment of a subscription gives entitlement to Personal Injury Cover.  Membership Cards will only be issued on receipt of payment.
Match Fees 2006
Top GroundBottom Ground
Full Members £7.00£5.00
Juniors/Students£3.00£3.00
Annual Dinner 2006
Once again, the Annual Dinner was held at Aston Wood Golf Club has now the regular venue for the Club’s Annual Dinner which was held on Friday 17th February, with our President, Peter Wells, proposing a toast to the guests and our principal guest, Charlie Dagnall, Warwickshire C.C.C. & Leicestershire C.C.C. responding
Obituary to Richard Sperryn
Richard Sperryn, respectfully known as Dick, passed away in his sleep on the 23rd April 2006, age 63.  Members and friends of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club were deeply saddened to learn of Dick’s sudden death although not an outstanding cricketer he was an outstanding personality both on and off the cricket ground.  He was an excellent captain and deeply respected by all who played for or against the Hawks.
Dick was captain for three periods of time, the first occasion was for three years1968 to 1970 but for health warnings he did not play cricket, so he umpired the 1st Team Sunday games for the 1972 and 1973 seasons, but retuned to captain the Hawks in 1977 for a further three seasons, but stood down in 1980 only to return for the 1981 season by demand by all players in the 3rd team games.
Searching through the batting records Dick’s name does not appear very often, but he was a regular with the 1st team on the Bank Holiday games against Aldridge and even captained the side on one occasion.  He did have a couple of games in the 1st Team, when a very late cry off necessitated Dick being called upon as a late replacement at Harborne Cricket Club, where captain Michael Dixon invited Dick to open the batting with himself, Dick scored a very quick 22 runs before being dismissed.
I can also recall, when I was umpiring in one of the last games played on the old Bromsgrove Cricket Club ground, before Bryant’s built houses on the land, that both Dick and Charles Groves being seconded from the Hawks to join the 1st Team just before they were departing for Bromsgrove, due to sudden domestic emergency involving two of the 1st Team players.  After the fall of the 8th wicket both Dick and Charles were batting together, but as neither having scored a run and both very anxious to get off the mark the inevitable happened with calls of “Yes” by both batsmen quickly followed by “No’s” resulted in both batsmen being at the same end and Dick was judged to be “Run Out”.  His departing words to Charles were, “You have had all season to run me out with the Hawks, why wait until we are in the 1st Team before doing so”.
Dick was a true club man prepared to play to the best of his ability for whichever team he played.  As a captain his very strong personality, charisma and enthusiasm producing the best out of the young players that surrounded him.  He taught them how to win and how to lose with dignity and respect for their opposition.
Not only was Dick an outstanding captain he was an excellent after dinner speaker and spoke on eight occasions at the Club’s Annual Dinner, either replying to a toast to the Club or to propose a toast to the guests.  At many dinners Dick was asked to say grace which he did in a carefully prepared monologue taking into account the occasion for the dinner, he introduced wit and humor, yet still retaining a certain amount of reverence for the occasion although it was limited at times.
Dick was an excellent administrator and was President of the joint cricket and hockey clubs.  He was the instigator of the development of the Aston Unity & Spartan Rugby Football Club’s ground becoming the rugby club’s President and a trustee.  His interest and enthusiasm for both sports were developed in his school days at Bromsgrove School.
He was an excellent tourist and for over 25 years he went with the Mayflies Cricket Club on their annual visit to Wales to stay a week at the Gliffaes Country House Hotel in Crickhowell to play cricket against the local Crickhowell Club side, and a day games at Builth Wells C.C. and Abergavenny C.C. and on one occasion the local side played Malcolm Nash of Gary Sobers fame against the Mayflies, resulting in Dick injuring a finger and visiting Abergavenny Hospital.
Highlights of the Season 2006
Dan Davis became the Clubs 40th First Team Captain a post he was to hold for three years. Amit Suman an Indian fast left arm bowler joined the Club as an overseas player who took 57 wickets at a cost of 14.3 runs per wicket.
Tim Groenewald, who is registered with Warwickshire C.C.C. played for the Club when not required by the County and finished top of the club’s batting averages in the B&DPCL with 31.67, scoring 380 runs.  Richard Dandy was the clubs top run scorer in the Birmingham League with 463 runs and the only player to score a century with 110 and an average of 28.9 closely followed by the captain with 403 runs and an average of 25.2.
Other noticeable performances were D Kumar wins the 2nd Xl 2nd Division player of the year award and also in the two’s Richard Bostock took 7 for 78 runs., and in e 3rd Team Bilal Aziz 188 and Mark Bell 100 not out had an opening partnership of 322 runs against Studley on the Lower Ground, declaring on 330 for 1 wicket.
The Under 17’s win the Warwickshire Under 17 League and the under 9’s win the Warwickshire Under 9 Cup.
The 3rd Xl Score Card against Studley 5th August 2006
Club Equipment
Two new artificial nets were laid alongside the existing nets, but they were never used due to a dispute with the contractor and the club acquired an electric bowling machine.
M.C.C.C. Honours
The M.C.C.C. elected Colin Greetham and Eric Harding “Cricketers of the Year”
Annual General Meeting 2007
The AGM pass by with very little debate or chat.  However, the Club decided to drop the position of Club Captain but with no respects to Paul Greetham who was now working away all week in a teaching post at Bromsgrove School and was only around on some Sundays.  The only changes in captains involved the lower sides with Jon Miller taking over the Sunday 2nd Team and the Hawks had a new captain in Howard Marsh and the Grasshoppers in Ander Wager.
Subscriptions 2007
Full Membership          £120.00
Junior Members/Students/Non players £30.00
All Subscriptions Must be paid by 31st May,
N.B.  Payment of a subscription gives entitlement to Personal Injury Cover.  Membership Cards will only be issued on receipt of payment.
Match Fees 2007
Top GroundBottom Ground
Full Members £8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£4.00£4.00
Annual Dinner 2007
Once again, the Annual Dinner was held at Aston Wood Golf Club has now the regular venue for the Club’s Annual Dinner which was held on Friday 16th February, with our President, Peter Wells, proposing a toast to the guests and our principal guest, Chris Adams, Derbyshire C.C.C., Sussex C.C.C. & England who responded.
Highlights of the Season
Amit Suman returns for a second season as our overseas player travelling from Oxford Brooks University to play in the Birmingham League and took 53 wickets at an average of 13.6 runs per wicket.  In the batting John Ship was the leading run scorer with 401 runs with an average of 26.7 runs, followed by Mark Guest with 363 runs and Richard Dandy in third spot with 335 runs and scored the only 1st team century with 100 not out.   However, our performances over the season was not good enough to prevent the 1st Team from being relegated at the end of the season.
Jonathan Miller scored a century (103 runs) for the second team, and during a Warwickshire Sunday League game for the 2’s D Kumar scored 160 runs and L Flynn scored 108 runs.  The under 13’s win the Warwickshire Under 13 League and the under 17’s win the Warwickshire Under 17 League
3rd Xl Batting Record
Father & Son, John and James Kiapper in a 253 unbroken partnership in a Sunday 3rd Xl league match against Berkswell for the 3rd wicket. After the teams allotted 40 overs John had scored 123 runs and James, a 13-year-old school boy with 113 runs to his name.  Berkswere bowled all out for 146 giving Sutton a 129-run victory.
Vandals Strike
The score-box was vandalized by youths, who took the tractor, when the groundsman attention was distracted and drove it into the building.  It was so seriously damaged that it had to be rebuilt, which the members did a month later.
Later that year a heavy roller on hire from Hewden, which was awaiting collection by the contractor was set on fire during the night by vandals and was completely burnt out.  Hewden took our early legal action against the Club to recover the loss which was valued around £20,000.  It was nearly 12 months before litigation was terminated without any financial loss to the Club, thanks mainly to our stand in President James Ross as Peter Wells had resigned as President as he is left the Midlands to live in the North of England.
Annual General Meeting 2008
Tributes were paid to Peter Wells who had moved from the Midlands towards the end of the 2007 season so the major item on the AGM’s agenda was the formalizing of James Ross as the Club’s new President and the 10th since 1847, who was warmly congratulated by the Chairman John Howard and all members.  Both Simon Newby and Ken Lancaster stood down as Treasurer and Fixture Secretary respectively and were thank for their years of service.  Howard March was elected Treasurer and Hugo Russell as Fixture Secretary.  Dan Davis retained the Saturday 1st Team captaincy and took on the Sunday job as well.  Both captains of the 2nd Teams on Saturday and Sunday, Jon Miller and Taz Ahmed respectively stood down and were replaced by Jimmy Little and Paul Shanahan respectively. John Robinson was elected the Club’s 19th Life Member, and Dan Stevens, an Australian was engaged as our overseas player.
Subscriptions 2008
Full Membership          £120.00
Junior Members/Students/Non players   £30.00
All Subscriptions Must be paid by 31st May,
N.B.  Payment of a subscription gives entitlement to Personal Injury Cover.  Membership Cards will only be issued on receipt of payment.
Match Fees 2008
Top GroundBottom Ground
Full Members £8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£4.00£4.00
Annual Dinner 2008
The annual dinner was held at the Aston Wood Golf Club on Friday 1st February, with our new President James Ross proposing a toast to the guest and our principal guest Ashley Giles MBE. Warwickshire C.C.C. and England replied with a toast to the Club.  A comedian, Mark Rough entertained us royally with many stories and antidotes.
Electronic Score Board
The top ground has an electronic score board installed on the face of the score box, this was the result of Eric Harding organizing both grants and members person subscription and was officially open by our Member of Parliament Andrew Mitchell, MP.  Unfortunately, due to a misunderstanding on the timing of Mr. Mitchell visit, Eric missed the ceremony.
The Official Opening of the New Computerised Scorebox by
Andrew Mitchell MP for Sutton Coldfield
Left to right:- Jill Hughes (Bracebridge Homes), James Ross(President Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club), Colin Greetham (Chairman Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Junior Section), Jon Davis, Mary Davis, Sue Bell, Peter Bell (Life Member Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club), Barbara Mullaley, Andrew Mitchell (Member of Parliament for Sutton Coldfield) Jane Sharpe (Bracebridge Homes), Neil Houghton (Chairman Warwickshire County Cricket Club), John Robinson (Life Member Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club), Dan Davis (Captain Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club First Xl), Alan Neil (Chairman M.C.C.C.), Robin Viner (Chairman B. & D. P. C. L.).
The photographer was Ken Lancaster ((Life Member Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club).
The financial organizer for the computerized Scorebox was Eric Harding who unfortunately was delayed in his journey from Lichfield.
Club Mark
The Cricket Club is the 1st club in Birmingham to successfully achieve the ECB Clubmark Re-accreditation, being a safe, effective & child-friendly cricket club on 10th September 2008
Highlights of the 2008 Season
The 1st Team struggled throughout the B&DPCL season due to a lack of depth in the batting with only Dan Davis and our overseas player Dan Stevens scoring any runs of note.  Davis with a total of 319 runs and an average of 29.0 was top, with a highest score of 95 runs and Stevens with 263 runs and an average of 20.2 in the runners up position with a highest score of 56 runs.  The bowlers were also finding life difficult with Michael Dean the leading wicket taker with 28 at an average of 25.2 and his best performance was 7 for 46 followed by Richard Norgrove with 29 wickets at an average of 25.4 and his best figures were 6 for 82.
The 2nd Xl did not fare much better with only captain, Jimmy Little, the leading run scorer with 267 runs and an average of 22.3 with a highest score of 77 runs.  Six bowlers figured in the end of season results all taking over 10 wickets but a total of 20.  Captain Charles Harwood finished with an average of 11.58 runs per wicket but M. Ball took the most wickets of 19 and the best performance of 7 for 35 runs and an average of 14.6.
In the WSL game which is 40 overs a side Dan Stevens, 150 in an innings for the 1st Team.
The 2nd Xl lost in the final of the division 2 cup to Kenilworth C.C.
However, it worth recording that the 2nd team, playing at home against Nuneaton 2nd batting first on Sunday 22nd June scored 360 runs for 4 wickets at the conclusions on the 45 overs.  This involved a 2nd wicket partnership of 281 runs with Chris Hobbis opened the batting scored 136 runs not out and his partner, J Khan scored 150 before being caught out. Both the partnership was the 2nd Xl teams highest 2nd wicket partnership as was the total score of 360 runs. The Sutton team went on to get Nuneaton all out for 108 runs in 33.1 overs with the wickets being shared between 4 bowlers.
Two other notable achievements were the: -
Under 15 winning the West Midlands Under 15 League and the
Under 9 winning the West Midlands Under 9 League.
Under-11’s – WCCC Final 2008
Front right Aaron Thomason Sussex CCC, second right Tom Banton Somerset CCC.
Where are they now in 2021? – Playing County Cricket for Sussex & Somerset
Two young boys who played in the Club’s Under-11’s side in the Warwickshire CCC Under-11 final who later went on to become professional cricketers. Initially, Aaron played with Warwickshire before moving to play with Sussex CCC and to open their batting in 2021 red ball season and bowled in the one-day games at a lively pace and is an outstanding first slip fielder and a very safe pair of hands in the deep.
Tom’s family moved to live in Barnt Green with Tom going on to be educated at King’s School Taunton.  He joined Somerset CCC and is opening batsman and kept wicket in the red ball 2021season, having earlier been on the England’s 2020 winter tour to India and played in the white ball games (limited over matches).
Departure of Dan Davis
Dan J.J. Davis who had been the Club’s 40th Saturday Captain of 1st Xl for the last three seasons announced that he was moving to the London area with his BBC TV job as one of the Producers of Country File.
Obituary to Terry Matthews
Terry Matthews, an interesting, entertaining and sometime controversial person died suddenly on 23rd December 2008 at home in Crown Lane at the age of 72, or as Terry proudly preferred, B73.  “Tel” as he became known to his friends, arrived in Sutton Coldfield in 1989 when he left South Staff Social Services.  He had been their spokesman and a person we had observed in that role on Midlands Television.  Terry’s early days playing cricket was with Whitmore Cricket Club, but he soon made an impact on both Sutton 3rd teams as very jovial and enthusiastic slow right arm bowler relying on flight and length rather than spin.
In 1991 and 1992 Terry was elected vice captain of both the Hawks and Grasshoppers teams and in 1993 and 1994 he captained both teams but relinquished the Hawks job in 1995 and the Grasshoppers position in 1997, but became the vice-captain of both teams again until 2003 when he retired from playing the game he so much enjoyed.  The highlight of his captaincy the Hawks were winners of the Willis Corroon M.C.C.C. 3rd Xl League, which he was immensely proud.   Not many records are retained by the 3rd teams except that Terry took a total of 43 wickets in the 1990 season for 847 runs at a cost of 19.7 & on 3 occasions took 5 wickets.
One of Terry’s great attributes was his ability to tell a good story and he was never afraid to relate a situation where he was the “fall guy”.  Terry had a glass eye and there were many stories about that, but this story relates to the opening of the M6 Toll Road which Terry decided to try it out.  With the exact change in his hand, he took his car through the automatic fast unmanned payment booth just like the cars in front and those following, the cash is tossed into the collecting receptacle.  Nothing can go wrong except Terry missed the bin and having no other change he had to get out and go under his car to retrieve the funds, unfortunately it was raining and this fast procedure of payment resulted in a big queue of cars hooting their car horns as Terry grovelled looking for his cash.
Terry will be sadly missed by his many senior friends, affectionately known as the “Golden Oldies” spending a Saturday evening in the bar enjoying a drink and listening to Terry’s many yarns.  They were basically what Terry had done in the last week working for a local firm of solicitors, investigating possible compensation claims as a result of an accident whereby negligence may have been the cause.  This resulted in Terry get his leg pulled any time the sound of an ambulance was heard, but Terry could always turn the tide on the author of such remarks with a humorous response.
Terry always had a very helpful attitude towards junior players that played in the Hawks and Grasshopper teams that he, as captain, giving them every opportunity to take an active part in the game so that they were able to be promoted into the senior club sides.  His Family through his son, Simon presented the Club with a Memorial Board to acknowledge a junior player who had during the season showed great promise, improvement and progressed in his cricketing skills.  The Terry Matthews Junior Award was first awarded at the end of the 2009 season by the end of 2014 every annual recipient had played 1st Team cricket and one was now earning a living as a professional cricketer with the Warwickshire County Cricket Club.  How proud Terry would have been.
Annual General Meeting 2009
The President took the chair as John Howard was standing down as Chairman after four years and was duly thank for his years of service.  The President offered himself up for election as Chairmen as well as remaining President and was elected unopposed.  Ken Lancaster retained the secretary’s position and took on the fixture secretaries roll as well.  With the departure of 1st Team Dan Davis at the end of last season all 1st and 2nd team captains were standing down.  However, Mark Guest, knowing that the 1st Team was very much depleted took on the role of Saturday captain, with Andy Stevenson the Sunday position.  The 2nd team on Saturday would be captained by Martin Ball and on Sundays by Andy Wager with Neil Hornby replacing Andy in the Grasshoppers.  The cricket club was asked to accept a new constitution, which included a revision of the Club’s rules, which was accepted by the membership.
Annual Dinner 2009
After a number of years at the Aston Wood Golf Club the committee decided to move to the Annual Dinner venue to Moor Hall Golf Club which was held on Friday 6th February,
Neil Houghton now the Chairman of the Warwickshire County Cricket Club proposed a toast to the guests which our guest speaker Arnold Sidebottom, Yorkshire County Cricket Club England and Manchester United Football Club gave the toast to the Sutton Club with a very interesting rendering of his life as a cricketer and professional footballer.
Highlights of the 2009 Season
Another disappointing season in the Birmingham League for the 1st Team being relegated again, but with senior players retiring and youngsters not really ready for 1st team cricket, it became a very difficult situation for captain, Mark who finished top of the batting with an aggregate of 310 runs and a junior player Matthew Parker with 307 runs.  Four bowlers played at various time throughout the season with some good individual performances.  Richard Norgrove led the way with 34 wickets and best figures of 5 for 43 runs, Steve Booth had a 7-wicket haul for 39 runs.  The 2nd Xl was also weak in the batting department although Chris Hobbis in 10 completed innings score an aggregate of 305 runs with 94 runs in one innings, and Sam Elgar scored 316 in 11 innings with a top score of 66.  In the bowling Martin Ball had a 6 for 63, and Robert Day a 5 for 37 runs, with both players each taking 25 wickets, with an average of 18.6 and 18.9 runs respectively.  In the junior sides the under 15’s won the West Midlands Youth Cricket Under 15’s League & Cup, and the under 13’s winning the West Midlands Under 13 Cup and the Warwickshire Under 13 Cup.
Tom Banton made a great impression by scoring 203 runs in a match for Warwickshire Under 13’s against Herefordshire, a performance that earned him the Neil Abberley Trophy as Warwickshire Young Player of the Season.
Sutton’s Batting Averages in B&DPCL 2009
Sutton’s Bowling Averages in B&DPCL 2009
Awards
Peter Bell was awarded the Midland Club Cricket Conference Cricketer of the Year for Administration.  Colin Greetham awarded W.C.C.C Cricket Board "Clubman of the Year".
Our 1st Xl Team scorer, Steve Smith, who has scored for the Warwickshire CCC 2nd Xl for a number of years was invited to score for the Australians in the 5-day test match at Edgbaston against England, in what became the famous Ashes Series.
Hewden Plant Hire
After a considerable of legal argument, Hewden withdrew their legal action against the Cricket Club for the loss of the roller which they valued at £17,189 after a lengthy battle.
Obituary to Peter Wells
The Club was saddened to learn that their immediate Past President, Peter Wells had passed away in March 2009 in Clitheroe, following an accident in his new home.  Peter who had three main interests in life, his teaching, cricket and his love of art in particular water colour painting.
Peter was born in Erdington and went to the local junior school before passing the grammar school entrance exam into Saint Philips Grammar School at the Oratory in Birmingham, after which he went to the Birmingham Art College, obtaining a Bachelor of Art.  He then took up an English teaching post at Saints Mary and John Catholic Primary School, Birmingham, later to become the school’s Head Teacher before taking on the headship of a large school in Warley, on the other side of Birmingham.
Peter joined the Sutton club in 1949 as a 17-year-old having just left school and continued playing into the 1990’s, he was a medium to fast quick right arm bowler who had a deceptive turn of pace which surprised a lot of batsmen, for which he was known affectingly as “Seam”.  Playing in one of his first games for the 2nd Xl team at the Bishop Vesey Grammar School he took 6 school wickets for 11runs in 12 overs of which 6 were maidens.  However, his most outstanding bowling performance was in the 1st Team against Leicester Ivanhoe in 1963 at Rectory Park, Peter took 6 wickets for 14 runs in 16 overs, although his 6 wickets for 7 runs for the 2nd Xl away against Bromsgrove in 1968 was a match winning performance and incidentally two seasons earlier he had a hat trick on the same ground.  This was not Peter’s first hat trick he had achieved this distinction in 1958 against Pickwick Nomads.  Peter played cricket in the 1st and later in the 2nd team for 20 seasons before dropping down to play and captain both the Hawks and Grasshoppers at various times, although he had a continuous period of 6 seasons, 1970 to 1975 as the Grasshoppers captain.  Peter concluded his playing days as captain of the Hawks in 1976 putting on the white coat to umpire whenever a club side was short of an umpire.
In 1962 Peter took up the organization of the Mayflies Cricket Club annual visit to Wales, staying a week at the Gliffaes Country House Hotel in Crickhowell to play cricket against the local cricket club sides.  This organisation required matching accommodation and players touring and opposition from local club sides including Crickhowell C.C, Abergavenny C.C and a day-game against Builth Wells C.C. These three clubs were the mainstay of the tour with two other sides being found annually.  In Peter in his early days as a tourist he played daily, but as he moved into later years, he would play an odd game and would score or umpire as the matches demanded.
Peter realised that clubs needed to produced their own experienced young players to join the seniors sides when they were able to cope with long duration and highly competitive games, so sometime in the late 1960’s Peter started to organize some competitive cricket for school boys so by 1974 he had a fixtures list established with like-minded clubs from Ashfield, Harborne and Moseley Cricket Clubs to play cricket over a two week period, on a home and away games basis during August.
Cricket Nets were introduced for boys between the ages of 12 to 18 years on every Friday evening at 6 PM during July and August, with all the details displayed in the Clubs fixture card as Colts Xl Fixtures.
By 1977 Peter had set up a fixture list of 9 games in three August weeks and introduced cricket to boys under 15 years of age who would play cricket on Sunday afternoons on Sutton’s lower ground in May and June, with Friday nets being available.  Peter had so much junior cricket organized he had to hand over the Alpine competition to Peter Yates to run.  Sutton success over many years with young players coming through to play 1st Team cricket was down to the foresight and organization by Peter.
One could not let pass without referring to Peter love of painting, for in his later years he would go out with likeminded friends to paint in water colour.  He also offered to paint a landscape view of the cricket ground which was accepted and signed print copies were sold to members to raise a much-needed income for the club.
Peter also had an exhibition of his work held in Lichfield Cathedral where he showed some 40 painting of both the inside and outside views of UK cathedrals which he presented to all Cathedral Deans for them to do what they wished.
Peter was elected on to the Club’s committee in 1967 and stayed on until he became Chairman in 1981, a post he held for four years and in 1983 Peter was elected a Life Member and in 1992 he became President, remaining the Club’s figurehead until he left the Midland in 2008, but died some 12 months later.
A memorial service was held in Saint Mary’s RC Church in Harborne in the June, which was very well attended by both Sutton members and his many friends.  From Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club’s view on Peter’s life, he was the originator of the need for coaching and introducing boys into the joy of playing cricket.