Chapter XVll   2016 & 2017.
2016 Division 1 in the B&DPCL
2nd Test Cape Town
A number of Sutton Coldfield CC visited Cape Town for the 2nd Test between South Africa and England.  The party included the Chairman, Colin Greetham; Mike Hepburn; John Howard; James Ross; Paul Greetham and guest Danny Longhorne (FOAS CC); joining up with our overseas player Dan Childs (South African).  Dan was involved in an accident with John Howard as passenger after a major collision with a rogue driver in the Cape. Thankfully for both the driver (Dan) and his passenger (SCCC Cricket Chairman John Howard) survived the impact with the other vehicle, resulted in nothing more serious than a multitude of cuts and bruises.
Annual General Meeting 2016
All officers were prepared to stand and were duly elected as follows: - Chairman – Colin Greetham; Treasurer – Jim Hobbis; Hon. Secretary – Steve Russell; Cricket Chairman – John Howard; Junior Chairman – Mike Mackey; Membership Secretary – Robin Wheeler; Welfare Officer – Ann Sargent; Fixture Secretary – Hugo Russell; Website Manager – Roy Hopwood; Sponsorship & Grants – Paul Heron; Grounds Chairman – Phil Mist.
It was agreed that the committee would appoint the captains.  Dan Childs would again be returning to Sutton from South Africa as our overseas player and groundsman.
The position of Membership Secretary was filled at a later date by Robin Wheeler, who we welcome back to the General Committee. Robin has served for a number of years as Membership Secretary so already knows what is needed by the Club and its membership. The Club wishes him the best of luck for 2016 and beyond.
Annual Subscriptions 2016
The main income for the Club to cover the cost of the ground hire and ground preparation comes from the Annual Subscription.  These need to be paid (or arrangements to pay need to be made) by 31st May 2016 at which point membership numbers will be issued.  Failure to make arrangements to pay will lead to exclusion from selection.  Fees remain the same since 2011.
Full Playing Membership          £100.00
Students (Juniors)£40.00
Juniors (under 9)£20.00
Occasional Playing£50.00
Ladies£20.00
Social Membership£15.00
Once membership is paid, a membership number will be issued which will also ensure that the member is covered by the Club’s insurance.  Players playing without insurance will do so at their own risk
Match Fees 2016
The cost of teas, umpires, match balls etc. come out of the match fees collected.  These should be paid before the start of each match.
Top GroundBottom Ground
Seniors£8.00£6.00
Juniors/Students£5.00£4.00
Mid-week games£4.00£4.00
Junior Matches£3.00£3.00
Juniors (under 9)£2.00£2.00
Sutton Coldfield Observer Award
Saturday 1st XI team won the Annual Sutton Coldfield Sports Awards for 2015 organized by the Observer Newspaper at the Sutton Coldfield Town Hall on Friday 29th January.  The First Team for the 3rd Consecutive Year were Winners of the Sports Award for 2015 for the “Senior Team of the Year Award” at the dinner
Annual Dinner 2016
Another excellent and well attended with over 100 members and their guests attended the SCCC Annual Dinner, which took place on Friday 5th February 2016 enjoyed a great evening of celebrations at Moor Hall Golf Club with Andy Biddle saying grace in a humorist manner.
The assembled gathering enjoyed the presentation of a number of awards carried out by Guest of Honour M.J.K. Smith OBE, who was probably the best liked Captain of Oxford University, Warwickshire CCC and of England MJK in his prime faced the most hostile line-up of test bowlers playing for the West Indies and Australia that cricket supporters have probably ever had the fortune to see playing the game at the highest level. MJK’s final test batting average bears testimony to a rare talent, especially for a player who played at the highest level whilst wearing glasses.
Guest Speaker for the evening was Neil Smith, the son of MJK, who was also Captain of Warwickshire during his playing career – creating with his Father an almost unique double about which the statisticians amongst our readership will probably argue for a prolonged period.  Neil happily answered questions posed by Paul Greetham about his experiences during his professional playing career and his reminiscences of a number of Warwickshire players including the great Brian Lara and fast bowling legend Allan Donald.
The evening was rounded off by top comedian Ian Richards, King Rat of the Water Rats who also conducted an auction of a number of artifacts on behalf of SCCC.
Four awards were made as follows: -
Junior player of the year.......James Lunn
Carol Hansford Trophy.........Henry Roper
Terry Metthews Award……..Jacob Squire - Wood
Clubman of the year………..Graham Clark
DINNER GRACE by Andy Biddle
I was extremely honoured, deeply humbled to be asked to perform grace.  As you are aware last year the Reverend Nigel Lyon was defrocked.
I prayed for those club members who travelled to watch the Tests in SA,
The chaps were very quiet on their return, needless to say
It was whispered nae rumored that they had the time of their lives
I do believe that our man Tony Clamp had the pick of several, rather large wives!
A magnificent season the ones had for sure,
Another promotion is easy for us all to endure.
Our skipper is Clarkey, a supreme leader of men,
He’s been that successful, let’s say 9 out of 10…
The club midweek training sessions, cannot fail to impress.
Though so they should with more coaches than National Express.
Steve Howard got wickets, Lee Thomo got plenty of runs
While young Tom Eustace was happiest at tea, eating buns.
With James Hunt & Lewis H we raced to the summit,
It was only Smithy’s form that really did plummet!
When Saturday comes, another great win for the side.
A few beers to celebrate, then the Royal for a ride …right good time!!
Our bar-Steward John Howard, our very own sexy Tom Cruise,
He’s made a great profit from flogging our booze.
The Pork Pie army again was out in great force,
Unfortunately discipline problems nearly led to divorce
Let us pray that this season more success there will be
To beat our rivals Walmley not a dream but reality I foresee!! .
Finally, all please can you raise a rather large glass.
Thanks for the company, the food, wine and free pass.
AMEN….
2016 Club Membership
The rules of the Birmingham and District Premier Cricket League together with those of the Warwickshire Cricket League require every player in either of the leagues to be a fully paid-up member of the Club which that player is representing.  In addition, since SCCC is a ClubMark club, we are also obliged to only select eligible players i.e. fully paid up during the current playing year.  In addition to add to the problem with our selection process, SCCC also has a responsibility in respect of the Insurance cover that is provided for all players, whether junior or senior - the Club’s Insurance policy does not apply to any non-members who may wish to play for SCCC.  Therefore, it is essential that all players of whatever age are Club Members.
To ensure that every player is a legitimate Club member (each year), there is a requirement for everyone to complete a membership form as soon as possible (remember the SCCC membership year runs from 1st January each year to the 31st December).  At the pre-season senior players’ meeting, everyone will be handed a membership form which SCCC requires be filled out and handed back to a Club Official, together with the correct annual subscription or the information required for paying by staggered payments. Anyone not at the pre-season meeting will be handed a membership form by a Club Official before the season starts.
Who Runs the Rectory Park Facility?
I was asked the above question recently by a Club Member who obviously thought that the Cricket Club actually ran the entire facility.  He was wrong in that assumption because the two Constituent Clubs (Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club and Sutton Coldfield Hockey Club) both have a say in what actually happens in and around the building.
It is true to say that during the summer months the Cricket section has control of what happens in and around the club but not the running of the actual establishment itself. The running of the bar, any stock held for sale over the bar, any repairs to the building structure, and the lease of the ground from Birmingham City Council amongst other things are all controlled by a Company Limited by Guarantee which in turn is controlled by a group of 5 members drawn from both Constituent Clubs called the General Purposes Committee (GPC) plus the officers elected annually at the meeting of the joint club’s AGM.
La Manga T20 Success
A majority of the SCCC 1st XI and a number of Club supporters traveled to the Spanish sporting resort of La Manga on 7th April for four days tour to take part in a T20 cricket tournament. There are ten teams entered in the tournament including at least two representative sides, so the standard of cricket will be exceptionally high.
A record of five wins from five games in the La Manga T20 competition speaks for itself. The trip to La Manga by an SCCC XI proved to be an excellent precursor to the 2016 season, with the SCCC XI bringing home another trophy for the Cabinet.
There were two pools comprising in Pool 1: Freshfields CC; Findon C.C.; Royal Engineers C.C. and SCCC and in Pool 2: Roehampton; Lichfield C.C., a Spanish national side and Waltham & Rosedale C.C.
In the first game on Friday 8th April SCCC beat Freshfields by 50 runs with Tom Eustace top scoring with 68. In the second game on Saturday 9th April SCCC overcame Findon CC scoring 222 for 3 off 20 overs with Pete McKay scoring 126* and Lee Thomason 68* whilst sharing a partnership of 199. In the second Saturday game SCCC beat the Royal Engineers with one ball remaining of the 20 overs with James Hunt scoring 40 and Jon Sargent 46* who shared an opening stand of 110.
In the Semi-Final on Sunday 10th April, SCCC again scored over 200 with George Westlake ending on 75*, Jack Twigger racking up 52 and Tom Wright ending with 42.
In the final, SCCC overwhelmed a Spanish National team by 7 wickets with Lee Thomason and Pete McKay again in the runs with 58 and 40* respectively and Steve Howard taking 4 for 18.
The touring party returned safely to the UK with another trophy on 11th April, for the Awards Cabinet.
The Consultation Process
SCCC in conjunction with their Hockey Club colleagues have been seeking ideas on potential improvements to the facility from all of its members. Those that have responded to the Consultation Process have principally aimed their suggestions at an upgrade of both changing and shower facilities within the Pavilion.  These thoughts are now being collated and a plan of campaign for the future will be drawn up shortly by the General Purposes Committee (GPC) which operates on behalf of all members of the two Constituent Clubs and of our Associate Members (the Friends of Rectory Park [FORP]).  The GPC will publish its plans in due course and a programme of grant applications to potential Funders will be put into action, which will include the purchase of a new dedicated grounds equipment store. So, Watch this Space!
2016 Club Membership
The rules of the Birmingham and District Premier Cricket League together with those of the Warwickshire Cricket League require every player in either of the leagues to be a fully paid-up member of the Club which that player is representing.
In addition, since SCCC is a ClubMark club, we are also obliged to only select eligible players i.e. fully paid up during the current playing year. In addition to add to the problem with our selection process, SCCC also has a responsibility in respect of the Insurance cover that is provided for all players, whether junior or senior - the Club’s Insurance policy does not apply to any non-members who may wish to play for SCCC. Therefore, it is essential that, all players of whatever age are Club Members.
To ensure that every player is a legitimate Club member (each year), there is a requirement for everyone to complete a membership form as soon as possible (remember the SCCC membership year runs from 1st January each year to the 31st December). At the pre-season senior players’ meeting, everyone will be handed a membership form which SCCC requires be filled out and handed back to a Club Official (see list on page 4 of this Newsletter) together with the correct annual subscription or the information required for paying by staggered payments. Anyone not at the pre-season meeting will be handed a membership form by a Club Official before the season starts.
On and Off the Field Behaviour
New ECB guidelines have been issued about both the off and on-field behaviour of players. Because of a number of incidents involving both players from opposing teams and in some cases Umpires, the ECB has introduced a new Disciplinary Procedure which has been adopted by the Birmingham League.  This will ensure that any transgressions by players will be reported to the league when penalty points will be allocated to the offender and when that player or players reaches a specified level an automatic suspension will come into force.  In addition, the team Captain will also suffer the same suspension because of his or her inability to control the behaviour of his or her team members!
SCCC Club D6
The SCCC Club Day took place on 16th April 2016, starting at 9am – All existing players who have played for any of the senior teams in previous seasons or who may wish to play for any of the senior teams in 2016 were strongly urged to attend this Club Day which provides an opportunity for all players of whatever ability to get used to playing outdoors prior to the start of the competitive season, and to also stake a claim to one of the places in whichever SCCC team he or she may wish to play for.
Cricket Force Report
Cricket Force has become an annual event and so it was that on Saturday 3rd April some 25 people turned up to carry out a long list of essential tasks necessary to ensure that our Rectory Park facility is ready for the season. From varnishing benches, to painting the outside of the lower ground building and the score box, the tasks were many and varied. With Nat West’s support Cricket Force has become vital to hundreds of cricket clubs up and down the country and SCCC is no different. Further work was carried out on Sunday 4th April and the work carried over these two days when added to the huge amount of work carried out over the three previous Saturdays by a small group of volunteers, has meant that we are nearly ready for the season.
It was a great disappointment that so few current players turned up on any of the five days – our current playing members must take on board the fact that without the vast amount of pre-season work being carried out, there would be no cricket played (not just at SCCC but at all of the cricket clubs up and down the country)!
The Committee wants the success enjoyed by the first XI to continue on into the future and for this to happen, the amount of work required to raise the standard of ground facilities gets larger each year.
An Evening with two First Class Umpires
At the recent Umpires’ Evening which was really well attended by some fifty or more people, ICC Umpire Robin Bailey and ECB Umpire Nick Cook reminisced about their playing days and their subsequent move into umpiring with all that that task entails.
Amusing stories were interspersed with insights into the minds and actions of professional cricketers. Whilst all professional sportsmen have to be dedicated, professional cricketers are a breed apart. For them the work days are long and sometimes tedious as well as being tiring. To survive the rigours of the professional circuit, a player must either be totally dedicated or simply in love with the game. Robin and Nick obviously met both criteria – their love of the game shone through – and this was transmitted to the audience by their answers to every question thrown at them by the assembled gathering.
Paul Greetham was as usual, a more than adequate compere in the evening, leading the two Umpires through their careers and on to their ideas as to where cricket is going in the future, together with the latest ECB policy on player behavior both on and off the field.
It was a thoroughly enjoyable evening which acted as a great introduction to the forthcoming season.
Helmet Guidance
Please see the Home page of the SCCC website for the latest updated information on the wearing of helmets by cricketers.  If you are in any doubt about this information, please ask a member of the SCCC Committee for advice.  In essence, all seniors’ players (over 18yrs) are advised to wear helmets made to BS 7928:2013 when batting against all types of bowling, if keeping wicket when standing up to the stumps and if fielding in front of the bat within 8yds of middle stump.  Players under 18yrs of age must wear a suitable helmet (tested against the junior ball) at all times when batting or keeping wicket.
Obituary – Geoff Pritchett 1927 – 2016
Geoff Pritchett joined Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club in 1947 at the age of 20 as a wicket keeper batsman.  He played in the 2nd XI but by 1949 he was a first team regular appearing as an opening batsman but with George Swift retaining the wicket keeping job.  When Swift retired in 1954, Geoff became the first team keeper until Peter Lowe in 1958 who then took over the gloves. Geoff was able to concentrate on his batting, although he would keep wicket on any occasion when Peter Lowe wasn’t available.
Geoff scored 4 centuries for the 1st Team:
In 1953 - 106 at home against Leamington CC.
In 1954 - 113 not out away at Market Drayton CC.
In 1956 - 114 not out away at Ashfield CC.
In 1959 - 118 at home against Warwickshire Pilgrims CC.
After 1963 Geoff played for the 2nd team scoring two centuries: -
In 1977 - 102 not out at home against Pickwick Nomads CC.
In 1978 - 114 not out at home against Redditch CC.
In 1960 Geoff also scored 99 at Leicester Ivanhoe CC.
Geoff scored over 1,000 runs in two seasons: -
In 1953 he scored 1280 runs (914 on Saturdays & 366 on Sundays) and in 1957 he scored 1072 runs.
By 1970 Geoff had scored over 15,000 runs after which the annual figures were not recorded.  This figure does not include scores from the limited over cricket or Festival Shield, etc. Whilst keeping wicket for the 1st team, in 1954 Geoff held 14 catches and made 38 stumpings – a total of 52 victims. In 1955 he took 21 catches 21 and made 48 stumpings – a total of 69 victims and in 1956 he took 23 catches and made 44 stumpings – a total of 67 victims.
Geoff’s last season in the 1st XI was in 1962 when he scored 821 runs. This was his 15th season in the 1st XI. It is believed that Geoff retired as a player in 1978 during which season he scored 545 runs in the 2nd XI (his 17th season in the 2nd XI).
During his 31 seasons playing for SCCC Geoff was Captain of the 2nd XI for four seasons from 1969 to 1973 on both Saturdays and Sundays and he was Club Treasurer from 1966 until 1975 – a total of 10 Years.
In 1976 Geoff was elected a Life Member of SCCC and then was elected Club President in 1978 and he then finally retired in 1992 after 15 seasons as an Official of SCCC.
In a long and distinguished cricketing career, Geoff played a number of games for the Warwickshire County Cricket Club 2nd XI and was elected “Cricketer of the Year” in 1984 by the Midlands Club Cricket Conference (MCCC) – an award that was truly merited by this fantastic Sutton Coldfield CC Player and Official!
Geoff passed away recently in Norfolk, whence he had moved in the 1990s and when he handed over the SCCC Presidential reins to the late Peter Wells. SCCC offers a fond farewell to a great Clubman and extends its sympathy to Geoff’s family.
By Peter Bell
New Big Screen & New Equipment!
New equipment has been installed in the Cricket Pavilion and offer improvements to the facilities on offer to our members.  A new BIG SCREEN has been fixed to the wall of the Lounge area which will be used for showing Test Matches, County and ODI games, T20 games and for people interested in football, the Euros 2016. Come and see just how big the screen is!  Have a drink and relax in comfort watching England win (we hope!).
In addition, a new glass washer has been installed behind the bar together with two new chillers, there is a new freezer and new dishwasher in the kitchen and an enlarged laminate dance area has also been installed. (No studded boots allowed)
The Rectory Park facility has been in need of a revamp recently and the new additions to the infrastructure are part of the ongoing upgrade to the pavilion.
Friday Night Delight!
The first Friday evening junior practice of the season was well attended despite there being a bitingly cold wind blowing across the ground and the fact that the junior football season hadn’t yet come to an end which always draws some youngsters away from the beautiful game.  More than sixty juniors turned up on the 29th April which was a fantastic turnout.
By the second Friday (6th May) though the weather was superb and the result was a record attendance for any Friday evening at Rectory Park.
More than 130 youngsters attended what was a huge get together – this huge number of youngsters together with their parents and the people attending a junior football game behind the cricket ground caused a nightmare scenario on the car park.
Despite the hassle experienced by many parents when trying to find a parking space and then having to wait for a while when queuing to get a drink, everyone seemed to have a great time.  Our young cricketers of whatever age and ability all seemed to thoroughly enjoy their evening, and their parents enjoyed the chat and social gathering outside the pavilion. Altogether it was a brilliant evening – let’s hope for more excellent weather.
The Sutton Coldfield C.C. Story to The Royals Newsletter
After 36 additions of the Sutton Coldfield C.C. Story, which Phil Mist has produced since Issue No.1 first appeared on the 1st September 2012, Phil has decided to call it a day and has retired his pen after his last publication of May 2016.  It does help historians in having a regular supply of information to record for posterity, articles about the Club that you believe future generations will find to be of interest.  Thanks to Phil we have accurate information and data covering the last four years.  As one door closes another one opens, with Roy Hopwood having decided that he will produce a new editorial “The Royals Newsletter” and the first addition appeared on 1st July 2016.
New Wooden Five-bar Gate
The car park and the surrounding area has been the subject of apprehension for quite a while, with the problem of the container adding to these concerns.  It was decided that there was an urgent need to dispose of the container and tidy up the car park and surrounding area.  The idea of some form of a gate to provide access to our cricket ground for emergency vehicles and the Air Ambulance was muted some months ago and during conversations in the Pavilion a parent of one of our members kindly agreed to sponsor not only this much needed gate, but for all posts and fittings.  A magnanimous gesture of help and support.  Over the period of about two-week members from our Under15 and Under 19 teams, together with the Friends of Rectory Park carried out the work of installing the gate and fencing, a generous donation from another member.  The materials were purchased from the firm of Jewson, the builder’s merchant, utilising funds from a recently awarded ECB grant.
Ten Not Out Spectacular
On the 6th July 1916, a hundred years ago the battle of the Somme was fought in France with horrendous losses of British and Commonwealth Service Men, in which Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club lost 40 men out of 50 who enlisted into the Great War.  On 3rd July 2016 students from Little Sutton Primary School and Birmingham Metropolitan College, Sutton Campus in collaboration with Birmingham Hippodrome Creative put on ‘A Cricket Match Like No Other’.  Club and Team Members, family, friends and special guests were treated to a wonderful performance that switched from the playing field to the drama and horror of the battlefield.
On a rather warm but overcast afternoon students of Birmingham Metropolitan College, Sutton Campus and Little Sutton Primary School had been rehearsing for a very special performance. Members of the Birmingham Hippodrome were also there overseeing the event, in particular Creative Services Manager Liz Leck.
Inside the pavilion Stephanie, the Curator of the Royal Warwickshire Regimental Museum, had set up a display of memorabilia documenting the role of the regiment in First World War together with ‘hands-on’ items, such as replica uniforms, weapons and trench art.
In the kitchen were Karen, Bharat and their children who were our tea rota volunteers for the day.  Credit goes to them for providing a wonderful spread for both teams, making tea and coffee for people and for making sure that the kitchen was left clean and tidy.
Behind the bar John and his two-bar staff were already serving members, friends and their families.  There was another fine spread of food and cakes for all our guests in the function room, the cost of which had been donated by Waitrose  Club Open Days.  Here Warrant Officer (WOI) Mark Dufty, a 25-year veteran, medical engineer based at the Whittingham Barracks a cricket enthusiast, who found the event moving.
Outside family, friends, guests and members were gathering to watch the start of the cricket match – Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club XI v SCCC 2004 ‘Legends’ Championship winning team. The 1st X1 were first into bat and had the pleasure of being played on to the field by a solo violinist.  Whilst everyone was watching the game volunteers were bringing out a special treat – cakes, made by Julie Haines, in the style of the pre-1914 period.  Watching people’s faces light up with delight and then appreciation was, a testament to Julie’s baking skills.  She had also provided replicas of an early 20th century J Lyons & Co Ltd menu, which many people found interesting reading – especially the prices!
The skies cleared slightly for a while and the cricket pitch and spectators were bathed in brilliant sunshine.  By now the pavilion, outside seating area and surrounding fields were packed with people anxiously anticipating the long-awaited special event that was to be performed during the tea break.
The match was in full swing and, quite suddenly, there were a few gasps from people close to pavilion.  The cake had arrived, and what a cake! Made by the firm Cake Moda it was a true work of art replicating the image on Birmingham Hippodrome’s leaflet.  All eyes were upon it as the caterers carefully carried it into the pavilion and to a suitable area for photographing and then slicing.  The pavilion soon became full of people coming to admire, appreciate and take photos of this fantastic work of culinary art.
The first innings of the match had now ended and the teams were about to retire for their tea break, but first, the cutting of the cake, and the inevitable photo-shoot. This was performed by Peter Bell, Club Historian/Archivist, who was instrumental in initiating contact with the Birmingham Hippodrome.  He has dedicated much time and effort into researching the backgrounds of those gallant members of our Club who answered the call to arms in August 1914.  He, together with Liz Leck, Zara Harris, our Chairman, Colin Greetham and, without a doubt, many, many others are to be congratulated for organizing the spectacular event that was about to unfold.
After the cake-cutting, and allowing time for people to take photographs, The Chairman entered the field accompanied by students from Little Sutton Primary School. He explained
why and how this event was taking place and thanked everyone who had helped to bring this event together. Sutton schoolchildren, together with Daz from Bridge Arts and Music, then took center stage and sang a beautiful rendition, entitled ’50 Good Men’, that they had written.  The audience fell into an appreciative hush and I don’t think there was a dry eye to be seen during this moving performance.  What we do know is that this song will be professionally recorded and the school will sing it at their Armistice Day commemoration this year and in future years.
After a standing ovation in appreciation of the children’s singing the students of Birmingham Metropolitan College began their performance.  The narrator commenced his dialogue and the scene initially was a typical game of cricket; cricket bats and balls and fielders running to catch or stop a ball. Then, quite dramatically, a cricket ball was exchanged for a hand grenade.  The scene changed as the performer looked in confusion at this weapon of war whilst others performed their interpretation of the outbreak of hostilities and the first day of the Battle of the Somme.  The dancing and acting were superb as we were taken, in dance and narration, to that dreadful day and its inevitable culmination.
All around the audience was still and silent, save for gasps and comments of appreciation as we were taken through the sights and sounds of battle. The violinist then played ‘The Last Post’ as the Club’s flag was lowered in respect.  Before anyone realised, the performance ended and it took the audience a moment or two to return to the present before they erupted into loud applause and shouts of “Well Done”, “Splendid’ and “What a brilliant show”. The Chairman gave an emotional speech thanking all the participants, sentiments that were felt by everyone who had watched this truly superb performance.
Back inside the pavilion the crew of Big Centre TV were interviewing Peter Bell about the Club’s history and the fifty members who served in the military during the First World War.
Here’s what Peter had to say about his interview:
“I explained that I had become the Club’s historian and archivist, and had read in the minute book of 1914 - 1919 that 50 of our members had gone off on to the Great War and only 10 returned. Looking through the cricket score books of 1913 and 1919 checking names that were written in pencil and had faded plus the books had become very musty over the 100 years that had elapsed since they were filled in by a young school boy of 14, the late Norman Sharp who scored for the 1st XI Team.
Added to the problem was that no cricket was played in 1914 after the 8th August and the score books were never collected in from the teams’ captains. I had looked at every war memorial in Sutton to see what names appeared on them and were they recorded as having played cricket for Sutton. I only found 5 names and have written up obituaries on them, namely Percy Grove, Arthur Lilly, Septimus Parson, Horace Shenton and Edward Bagley Marwick. According to the Club’s minute book, ‘For many years an impressive Roll of Honour of those who served and gave their lives adorned the Pavilion, but unfortunately was destroyed by hooligans. No record of the names was ever recorded in writing’”.
A lot of interest had been shown in the Royal Warwickshire Regiment’s display and Stephanie explained to interested parties what they represented and the history of the Regiment.
A great deal of interest was also shown in the Club photographs, in particular that of the 1913 1st XI team and the Clubhouse when it was used for wounded soldiers to recuperate after being wounded. Others were eagerly queuing for a slice of the cake, and, judging by the appreciative smiles and comments, it was as good and delicious as it looked.
Throughout the remainder of the afternoon the game of cricket continued, people were enjoying both the match and the overall atmosphere.  There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that this day had been ‘A Cricket Match Like No Other’.
Tamworth’s Fame was Sutton’s Gain
The Government’s plan of l845 for the construction and extension of the railways posed a threat to the amenities of Sutton Park that had been enjoyed by many people, notably the Reverend Bedford and Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club. In 1847 Reverend Bedford decided to lay out new grounds in Rectory Glebes, now known as Rectory Park, as a new home for the Club.  Peter Bell, Club Historian & Archivist article for the Royals Newsletter No.1.
Sir Robert Peel of Tamworth’s fame was Prime Minister again after the 1841 general election.  This was his second government and ruled for 5 years, in which he introducing a number of major legislations, including Income Tax Act of 1842 and the Railway Regulation Act of 1844.  Birmingham in 1838 had been connected to London having been connected the previous year to both Manchester and Liverpool.  The rapid development of the railways was of some concern to all the residents in Sutton Coldfield who relaxed and enjoyed the tranquility of Sutton Park, as many had moved out of Birmingham in the early 19th century because, like most towns, Birmingham was considered dirty and unsanitary.
The Government’s plan of l845 was for the construction and extension of the railways, a position was therefore created whereby certain amenities in Sutton Park were threatened.  Among those enjoying the ambiance that Sutton Park offered was a small group that had played cricket in the park on the Meadow Platt for a number of years.  This resulted in the Rev Bedford, who, had been appointed Rector of the parish of Sutton Goldfield, laid out a cricket ground in the Rectory Glebes, now known as Rectory Park.  In 1847 the cricket club moved to their new ground under the shadow of the Rector's dwelling.  The parsonage was the home of the Bedford family for very many years and it was the hub around which all the early activities of the newly created Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club revolved. The Rector did a great deal to add beauty to Rectory Park.  He planted trees including a fine avenue of elms through which a distant view of the church could be seen from the Rectory windows. Sadly, only a couple of these fine trees still exist.  There still exists an Oak Tree of some 400 years old, hollow inside but still surviving and still a favorite hiding place for children.
Rectory Road, as we know it today, was merely a country lane running from Boot Hill to the church in almost a straight line, and it was the custom of the rector to walk to the church through the park, emerging by what the present generation known as "Sidney's Cottage" (the cottage on the north side of the pathway entrance to the park) now with a name plate stating “Rectory Cottage”.
Bedford Road, named after the family, was not constructed until about 1930, and in the early days was known as "Blackberry Lane" or "Bricky Lane" for it was only a track leading to the brick works and a few farms. "School Farm" frequently used to house members of visiting cricket teams, and the horse was the only means of transport other than by foot, and a game of cricket often depended upon the overnight hospitality of the home team. The "Tin Hut" which stood at the rear of the Boot Inn was erected for this purpose. But it has long since gone although some of the foundations are still there, if you are walking in the woods.
The rector also created a second cricket pitch for the “A” side on the other side of a two-foot-deep ditch that separated the two grounds.  This ditch was a hazard that many unsuspecting opposition fielders chasseing a ball heading for the boundary would find himself in water, if there have been rain a few days earlier.   At the end of the ditch was a small pond that flooded in winter, which has been dormant since the ditch was filled in.  Although the pond has reappeared in the last few years, probably due to the considerable number of changes in the park’s amenities that have occurred in recent years.
Sutton Coldfield station was finally constructed in 1862, and the Walsall to Water Orton line opened on the 1st July 1879 with stations at Pens Lane, Sutton Coldfield, Sutton Park, Streetly and Aldridge.  So, the Rector got it right.
200 NOT OUT
An aggregate of 200 Years of continual association with the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, known affectionately as the Golden Oldies. John was a quick bowler in the 1970’s-80’s who joined us from Liverpool.  Peter umpired for the 1st team game 1966 to 1998. Neil Houghton joined the Club in 1955 and was a quality batsman, an equally good off spin bowler and a very successful captained. While James, an Old Reptonian who had a distinguished school batting record, before joining the Club from school in 1971.
Free Foresters 160th Anniversary Match
On 20th July 1856 the Rev William Bedford founded the Free Foresters Cricket Club in the grounds of his rectory in Sutton Coldfield. The team is so named because ’Foresters refers to the Forests of Arden in Warwickshire and Needwood in Staffordshire, and ‘Free’ because members would be free to play against the club without permission, rather than being ‘tied’ to Free Foresters alone – hence their motto being ‘United though Untied’.
It was a somewhat overcast Sunday on 11th September 2016 when the Free Foresters returned to their inaugural ground to compete in a 160th anniversary match against a team of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club (SCCC) players selected by match manager Andy Biddle.
Although still slightly overcast the weather remained good, and there was a good, friendly atmosphere created by plentiful support. SCCC went into bat first and, after a quality game of cricket, they won the match with a very notable century, scored by Lee Thomason. This being the main highlight of the match.
President’s Day 25th June 2016
The President's Day has had a poor track record with the weather, however this year the weather improved allowing an uninterrupted days cricket against top of the table Smethwick and we held out for a creditable draw.  Behind the scenes there was a great deal of hard work undertaken to enable everyone to have an enjoyable and convivial day.  Be it catering, the running of the bar, the preparation of the ground, window cleaning, collection of glasses and litter, cleanliness of the clubhouse and other tasks, many people are to be thanked for making the day a success.
A good crowd turned out and it was good to see our old player and Warwickshire’s leg spinner, Warwick Tidy who came up from Plymouth for his first visit for some years and was thrilled to see so many familiar faces that he played alongside in the 1970’s.  Also visiting us was Steve Grigg who now lives in Australia.
MCCC Presidents Day
Ken Lancaster, President of the Midland Club Cricket Conference chose Sunday 24th July to mark his Presidency with invites to 163 guests for the Sutton Coldfield C. C’s Warwickshire Sunday League’s game against Water Orton CC.  It was a warm and dry day with some 100-guest attended to watch the cricket and have afternoon tea.  It was good to meet up with many old friends from other cricket clubs and chat about old times in the past that we all enjoyed.  Sutton got the better of Water Orton who batted first in the 40 over a side game scoring 198 for 8 wickets.  Sutton in their reply scored 201 for 7 wickets with 4 balls to spare, a close encounter and a fitting result for a most enjoyable afternoons cricket.
Winter Nets for 2017
Winter Nets will start on Tuesday 10th January 2017 and will be held at Bishop Vesey Grammar School’s Sports facility in Boswell Road, Sutton Coldfield. They will run for a total of twelve weeks.
Tuesday Sessions will be from 6pm until 7.30pm and will be for U9, U10 and the U11 age groups.
Thursday Session One will take place from 6pm until 7.15pm for U12 and the U13 age groups
Thursday Session Two will take place from 7.15pm to 8.30pm for U14, U15 & U16 age groups.
Senior Winter Nets begin 8.30pm -­‐ 10.00pm Last winter net session -­‐ 30th March 2017
Application forms available on our website from 1st November 2016. Closing date for applications is Monday 30th November 2017.
The Chairman’s end of Season Report
I cannot report in such a celebratory manner as in the past three seasons, which seems unfamiliar and difficult to come to terms with. However, there is much to learn from our experience and we must respond positively in order to re‐establish the standards to which we have become accustomed.
It is clear that communications between management, players at all levels and coaches have to improve and if this happens, will go a long way towards improving matters Also, returning to strategies that proved successful when practicing and training. No one could have anticipated the number of injuries to squad members and this put great strain on availability and other selection issues.
La Manga was a new venture and the Club came away after winning the competition with plenty of good practice in pleasant surroundings. The optimism generated did not, unfortunately, continue for the rest of the season and soon dissipated as results began to go against us. All has not been ‘Doom and Gloom’ by any means, positive results being
Found elsewhere. The Junior Section again thrived with additional members making Friday and Monday nights very busy with record BBQ and bar returns.
The U19 and U12 sides both reached the playoffs of their respective competitions and a record number of Juniors represented the club in the various age groups. Junior players represented the County and District squads -­‐ all returning with creditable performances.
The Annual Dinner was particularly successful, as was Presidents Day, the Old Boys game and our involvement with ‘Ten Not Out’. We have hosted touring sides from Scotland and India, and have been the venue for school’s festivals whilst working hard to improve relations with members of the community.
The Free Foresters’ game was very successful -­‐ good weather, a good atmosphere created by plentiful support and quality cricket. The match was won by our Club side -­‐ a notable century scored by Lee Thomason being the highlight.
All that we do takes input, commitment and hard work from a large number of people.  The work that goes on ‘behind the scenes’ is considerable. My thanks and appreciation go to all those players, parents, committee members, sponsors, coaches and managers who have helped carry the Club on during this season. Teas are a particularly arduous duty and many volunteers filled the rota -­‐ our grateful thanks!
There is a great deal of hard work to be done to get the Club back on track. One season where we are not so successful is not catastrophic, but it may serve to remind us all that we cannot take things for granted and let complacency creep in. If we intend to play the game at the highest level then we take the lessons learned from 2016, pick ourselves up again and work to achieve the success that we have previously enjoyed.
Cricketing Highlights for the 2016 Season
Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League Division 1 Batting Averages for 2016
Player
Games
Inns
Not Outs
Runs
High Score
Avg
50s
100s
Strike Rate
Lee Thomason
22
21
3
697
102*
38.72
4
1
51.96
Jack Twigger
21
18
4
425
88*
30.36
3
0
63.37
James Hunt
20
19
1
456
76*
25.33
3
0
60.16
Aaron Thomason
18
15
0
349
82
23.27
2
0
63.24
Ben Dunnington
24
20
4
339
86
21.19
2
0
83.33
Jack Smith
20
18
1
322
113*
18.94
0
1
55.69
Reagan Beamish
19
18
3
280
52*
18.67
1
0
-
Peter McKay
19
18
1
256
71
15.06
1
0
55.41
Bowling Performance for 2016 by the Sutton 1st team players in the B&DPCL
Player
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
5 Wicket Haul
Economy Rate
Strike Rate
Average
Lewis Harrison
38.2
24
686
28
0
4.08
36.0
24.50
Dan Childs
79.5
12
589
21
0
4.28
39.3
28.05
James Hunt
168
12
454
16
2
4.09
41.6
28.38
Aaron Thomason
12
7
460
16
1
4.39
39.3
28.75
Lee Thomason
30.3
13
296
13
0
3.71
36.9
22.77
Steven Howard
137.4
1
271
5
0
5.02
64.8
54.20
Graham Clark
111
7
126
7
0
3.29
32.9
18.00
Luke Jones
104.5
3
139
5
0
4.56
36.6
27.80
Junior, Senior and Special Awards 2016
The Awards Presentation Evening for the 2016 season took place on Friday 23rd September at the Club’s pavilion in Rectory Park, Sutton Coldfield. The evening was well attended by Team Managers, Coaches, friends and families. The Chairman, Colin Greetham opened the awards presentation with a short summary speech on the Club’s activities during the season and thanking all those involved, from coaches to tea rota volunteers for all their help. John Howard,
Cricket Chairman, then spoke about all the hard work everyone had put in, but reminded people that the Committee needed help also in order to carry out their duties before handing over to the various Team Managers and Coaches. The awards were presented by James Ross; President of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club made the following Awards.
Under 9s Awards
U9 Batsman Award -­‐  Sam Hands
U9 Bowler Award –     Hamzah Khalil
Unders 10s Awards
U10 Batsman Award -­    Toby Baker
U10 Bowler Award     ­‐    Carl Springer
Under 11s Awards
U11 Batsman Award -­‐Tom Hurley
U11 Bowler Award -­‐    Felix Haines
U11 Coaches Award -­‐  Jack Hurrall -Woodward
Under 12s Awards
U12 Batsman Award -­‐ Will Thomas
U12 Bowler Award -­      Jack Hurrall-Woodward
U13 Batsman Award -­‐ Frazer Bell
Under 13s Awards
U13 Bowler Award -­‐    Luke Bishop
U13 Coaches Award-­‐   Sinel Gunarathne
U14 Batsman Award -­‐ Mustafa Ali
Under 14s Awards
U14 Bowler Award -­‐    Mustafa Ali
U14 Coaches Award -­‐ Billy Sansome
Under 15s Awards
U15 Batsman Award -­‐ Dan Hurst
U15 Bowler Award -­‐   Sam Bogle
Sunday 1st XI Player of Year   -  Lee Thomason
Special Award
Jacob Squire-Wood  7 for -­‐20  vs  Nuneaton
Under 19s Awards
Batting -­‐ George Westlake
Bowling -­‐ Jacob Squire - Wood
Clubman  -  Ben Dunnington
1st XI Awards
1st XI         Batting    -­‐ Lee Thomason 1st XI
Bowling   -­‐ James Hunt
1st XI Special Awards
Jack Smith 115 no   vs Moseley
Lee Thomason 102 no  vs Himley
Luke Jones 7-­‐30   vs Bromsgrove
2nd XI Awards
Batting Award -­‐ Jack Twigger
Bowling Award -­‐ Stuart Russell
2nd XI Special Awards
Tom Eustace 104 no   vs Handsworth
Sam Sargent 6-­‐23     vs Stourbridge
3rd XI Awards
3rd XI Batting Award -­‐ Reagan Beamish 3rd Xl
Bowling Award -­‐Jack Holland
3rd XI Special Awards
Josh Mukarjee 6-­‐24    vs Kings Heath
4th XI Awards
4th Xi Batting -­‐ Pravin Ramachandran
4th XI Bowling -­‐ Archie Bogle
4th XI Special Awards
Harry Lucas-Williams   6 for 14   vs  Streetly
Gary Bogle   6 for  16   vs  Studley
Elliot Needle 126    vs Aston Unity 3rd XI
Athletics within the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.
A lighthearted look at Athletics in the past by Peter Bell, Historian & Archivist.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club has had a tradition of athleticism within its membership and as early as Whit Monday in 1863 the Rector agreed with the Town Council to promote a sport event during a game of cricket in Rectory Park.   The event was advertised as “Club Feast” in Rectory Park, with prize money for the winner of the games, inter-mingled with “General Amusements - Country Dancing, Foot Ball, Cricket, Quoits and other Athletic Sports”.  Prize money was advertised as 2 shillings and 6 pence for the Hurdle Race winner for Men and also for the second Hurdle Race for Men, but excluding the winner of the first race.  There was also a 2 shilling and 6 pence prize for the winner of the Flat Race for Men.  Also in the programme were two Flat Races for Boys with a prize of 2 shillings and a similar prize for a Sack Race.  “Games to commence at three O’clock P.M. and All Disputes to be Referred to the Committee” There was no indication if ladies could take part in the sack race.  This event ran for a number of years but no records of winners were recorded and there was no accurate measured distance between the start and finish lines.
By 1871 there was a gravel track in Sutton Park alongside Coles Meadow, later to be known as Cristal Palace, close to where the Clifton Road Youth Centre and the ASTRO surface is now situated.  This was the first and only athletic sports event to take place amongst the Club’s members.  All the races, except the hurdle race were run on a gravel track, with the hurdles run on the grass.  It was recorded that there were some notable athletes amongst the members.  The Rev W.H. Colmore won the hundred yards and Godfrey Robinson won the 440 yards, referred to as the “quarter mile”, whilst the Rev W.C.R. Bedford finished second in both races but won the hurdles with Godfrey Robinson finishing in second place.
Two years later, representatives of these families all gained "Blues".  W.C.R. Bedford and T.M. Colmore ran the hundred for Cambridge and Oxford, respectively, whilst G.M. Robinson rowed in the Cambridge boat.  John Ellison for many years the "Starter" at the Bishop Vesey's school sports was also a participant in the events at Coles Meadow.
We also had an outstanding athletic in Eric Bertram Crockford known as Tom who played cricket for Sutton Coldfield CC and Warwickshire CCC and won a gold medal in the 1920 Olympic games in Antwerp playing hockey for Great Britain and Ireland, plus he represented England on 17 occasions.  His indoor activates including billiards where he was an exceptional good player holding a number of records for the highest break.
In the summer of 1936, the Olympic Games were held in Berlin and we can boast of success by another Club member, namely, Arthur Godfrey Kilner Brown who lived at 146 Rectory Road and won a gold medal in the 4 x 400-meter team relay and a silver medal in the 400-meter individual race.  Godfrey’s sister Audrey also won a silver medal at the 1936 Olympic Games, known as the “Hitler Games” and it is worthy of noting that Godfrey’s brother Ralph, who also played cricket for the Club, later to be knighted as Sir R.K. Brown won the 1934 AAA 440 yards hurdles title and finished third in the Empire Games later that season.
Today’s cricketers are extremely athletic, as no ball is safe until it hits the boundary line because fielders will dive or slide tackle the ball to prevent it crossing the line.  Players of the past never or rarely got grass stains on their flannels because they had to be dry-cleaned, whereas cricket whites of today can be washed and back in use within hours.
Chairman Reports
The Outgoing Chairman, Colin Greetham of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Final Report to the Annual General Meeting of Monday 7th November 2016
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
By recent standards this past season has been very disappointing.  To arrive at this conclusion is relatively easy, by analysing the stats and finding ourselves playing in Division Two in 2017 emphasizes the point.  The First Eleven were not good enough!  But before we come to believe that, consider circumstances prevailing...........team squad members were the same as in 2015, but no one who has been a long-standing member here can remember the number of serious injuries to players as in 2016. This had a knock-on effect not only to the First Eleven but also to the other sides.
Other factors affected team performance.......loss of form......poor attendance at practice.......inconsistent availability.......unfortunate personal circumstances.
Undoubtedly the team members failed to gel as in past.  The breakdown of effective communication between teams and Management, which undoubtedly affected team moral and ethos.
Trying to analyse the situation in great depth is a waste of energy which can be put to more effective use, but the mistakes must be recognized and acted upon if we are to pick up again. We have talented players, good coaches and strategies which have brought success.....why try to fix what isn't broken?
The Club should play at the highest level possible, providing coaches to develop players at every level and bring youngsters through to enable them to challenge for first team cricket. BDPCL is due for reorganisation in the very near future...to play in that League must be a main objective. Surviving at that level depends on the Junior section developing our youngsters and providing talented cricketers to supply a feeder stream into the senior sides. Also, the senior players must be mentally prepared and talented enough to compete at that level.
I am pleased to say that the Club is generally in good shape.....we have very good facilities due to be enhanced by the addition of a new ground store (the removal of the containers will tidy up the surrounds).  A sound bank balance, group of enthusiastic sponsors, committee structure which is effective (given all posts are filled), good social and changing facilities, training facilities both winter and summer and a development plan which gives good direction. The junior section has increased numbers attending Friday training, supplying the Club with a steady flow of youngsters who are eager to learn to play and funds which enhance the bank balance. Sides are regularly playing in the Warwickshire Leagues often challenging, as this year in the playoffs for County titles.
To move the Club forward, our communication at all levels must improve.  That is why it is pleasing to see a new committee position which will bring aspects of communication closer together and hopefully be more effective.  It is challenging but not beyond our means to organise communication systems which embrace all levels of membership and regularly update on important issues. Players, Coaches, Committee Members and others, must maintain an open dialogue so that important issues can be fully discussed.
In order to continue the process of developing the Club, providing a sporting and social facility to be proud of and encouraging the community to recognize and become part of what we do, personnel are always required to help manage the organisation.  Fresh, young, enthusiastic people with new ideas are needed to keep the Club moving forward.  This is no more necessary than at the present time when playing the game, although most important....is only part of what is required to keep a Club such as ours functioning.  I ask you all to consider giving some of your valuable time to help in this way.
There number of volunteers who give valuable service to the Club in many areas, such as; preparing teas; Friday. BBQ and admin; helping on the ground; coaching and managing Junior sides. All these folk work very hard and our sincere thanks go to them. There is always room for others to come on board and lend a hand.
Since becoming a member over 25 years ago, I have always held a position of some responsibility.  I wish to remain a member of the Club and help wherever possible but without the responsibilities of being a committee member.  It is time for me to hand the baton over, so with effect from the AGM on 7th November 2016, I have resigned as Chairman of Sutton Coldfield Cricket. I have done my best to move the Club forward.  By and large we have been very successful over the past five years. I am confident this can and will continue.
I wish the Club all the very best for the future and express sincere thanks to those who have worked closely with me and supported the developments which have brought the Club to its present position. There is plenty more to come and look forward to seeing the Club becoming an even greater force in local cricket.
Best wishes,       Colin Greetham
Steve Russell
Chairman’s Address to the Members at the AGM of 7th November 2016
I am extremely proud to have been elected as Chairman of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club and hope to carry on the excellent work of Colin Greetham.  I would personally like to thank Colin for all of his hard work and excellent leadership over the past 5 years as Chairman.  I am fortunate to be supported by an excellent and experienced committee who are all committed to continuing the development of Sutton Coldfield as a place where all with a love of cricket are welcome and to providing a high-quality venue to both play and watch the game.
Over the coming weeks I am meeting with all my colleagues to agree our priorities for moving the club forward.  Even though it is the closed season, much work needs to be done to ensure the ground is prepared for next season, captains are appointed, winter practice arrangements are finalised and so forth.
In particular Roy Hopwood our Communications Manager and I will be sitting down to review how we communicate effectively to all our players and supporters. We are keen that communications are a two-way process, and would be pleased to hear from any of you who have ideas on how we are operating as a club.  As a committee we are here to represent you, our members.  I hope over the coming months to meet as many of you as possible to hear what you have to say about the way the club should be run.
We are keen to involve more people in the running of the club.  We have several committee roles that remain unfilled but I am also keen to hear from anyone who is happy to be involved on an ad-hoc/more informal basis.  If you are prepared to help in any capacity, in the first instance, please contact me via the club email address
Kind regards,        Steve Russell
Four Plus Nine = Thirteen
Continuing the Ten Not Out theme a small working party of Liz Leck, (Hippodrome Theatre) Jo Brookes, (Researcher) Roy & Doreen Hopwood, Colin Greetham, James Ross, Dave Phillips (BVGS) & Peter Bell got together with the aid of a grant to search military records, Censes documents, the historical Sutton Coldfield News and the Club’s historical documents of the 1914 to 1919 period.  We appear to have found 40 that joined the services during the 1914 - 1918 conflict and a total of 13 paid with their lives.  Obituaries of the nine new identities have been written up and are shown below the list of all the 39 we have identified as having served in the forces during the Great War.
The Warwickshire Sunday League
Formed in 1984 to provide a competitive cricket for Warwickshire based clubs interested in playing league cricket on Sundays.  However, over the recent seasons the enthusiasm for Sunday cricket has deteriorated, mainly due to the B&DPL’s fixtures requiring clubs with excessively long travel distances to and from their league away ground when meeting for away games is in some cases around 9 AM with arrival back some 12 hours later.
At the WSL AGM of 24th October 2016, it was proposed and accepted that the Executive would approach the Arden Sunday League to enquire on the possibility of the members in the WSL could join the ASL.  The Management of the ASL stipulated that each club would have to apply.  At the convened EGM the WSL clubs voted to apply to join the ASL, whereupon the WSL ceased as a league for Sunday Cricket for Warwickshire Clubs.
2017
January 2017.  A new Groundsman’s building has been marked out with a view to commence building the facility after some 15 years of tin storage cans being both on the ground and in the car park.
Annual Dinner - Another Success!
The Club's Annual Dinner on Friday 10th February 2017 was a great success.  Similarly to recent dinners it was well supported and the staff at Moor Hall Golf Club provided excellent food and service as usual. Compered by our President, James Ross, the evening started with Jez Jones and Ann Jones from Bridge Arts & Music performing '50 Good Men', one of the songs from the brilliant Ten Not Out event at the Club in the summer.
Following dinner, the £200 'stand-up-bingo' prize was won by great friend of the Club, Reg Brassington.
Guest speaker Chris Grant then spoke about some of the financial challenges facing county cricket. For the past 6 years Chris has been the Chairman of Derbyshire County Cricket Club and will shortly leave the post to seek election to the to the ECB board. Chris gave a fascinating picture of the county scene and our thanks go to him and former Derbyshire wicketkeeper Tom Poynton for coming along.
Chris and Tom had earlier presented prizes to Rob & Julie Haines (Club Persons of the year), Ben Dunnington (Carol Hansford Trophy), Rahim Khalil (Terry Matthews Award).
The specially commissioned “Ten Not Out” trophy was presented to John Robinson on behalf of Peter Bell who was unfortunately absent as his wife Sue was receiving treatment for cancer at the QE Hospital. project created mutually beneficial links between all parties involved.
The “Ten Not Out Trophy”
The Sculpture “Ten Not Out”
Two New Lifers
Life memberships were then bestowed on long-serving club member Ken Lancaster and recent outgoing Chairman Colin Greetham for their sterling work and service over many years.
Comedian Roger De Courcey then entertained everyone and then Nookie the Bear made an appearance, questioning the professions of the top table amongst other things. Roger then auctioned items for the Club - a golf day at Moor Hall, a signed Warwickshire shirt and a 4-litre bottle of scotch whiskey signed by England Rugby Union international James Haskell.
"Ten Not Out" by James Ross
"In 2014 Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club senior and Life Member, Peter Bell thought it an appropriate time to investigate just how many of the club's members had fought in The First World War and how many had lost their lives.  There had previously been a memorial in the pavilion which had been vandalised approximately eighty years ago and no records now currently existed.
Present on the day were many spectators, Mark Duffy Warrant Officer of the Royal Warwickshire Regiment and artefacts from their museum.  The Last Post was played complete with the lowering of the club flag which created a memorable and atmospheric afternoon.On-going was the research of those members who had both served and died.  This was undertaken with the assistance of historians Jo Brookes and Ariadne Plant, Bishop Vesey's Grammar School archivist David Phillips, genealogists Roy and Doreen Hopwood and club members, Peter Bell, Colin Greetham and James Ross.  The eventual outcome was that thirty-nine members went to war and fourteen did not return.
The project had many benefits.  The realisation that in the history of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club since 1847 there can have been no historical event that had so much emotional impact on its community.  It created much awareness amongst its current membership as these losses meant that the club nearly didn't have the manpower to reconvene in 1919.  The Royal Warwickshire Regiment were able to add further information to their archives.  Little Sutton Primary School children had an invaluable history lesson, enhanced knowledge of life for their relatives a century ago and the creation of a song.  "Fifty Good Men" is to be their school song at every Remembrance Day henceforth.  The project created mutually beneficial links between all parties involved.
Birmingham Hippodrome in the guise of Hippodrome Creative under the direction of Liz Leck contacted Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club with a view to expanding the project within the local community.  Little Sutton Primary School years five and six were brought into the project to enhance their appreciation of history a century ago, the futility of war, and the impact on their families only a few generations ago.
Initially it was thought that fifty members of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club went to war and only ten men returned.  Hence the naming of the project, "Ten Not Out!"  The first part of the project was for Little Sutton Primary School to create a song that would be a lasting memorial.  Daz and Ann of Bridge Music and Arts teamed up with the school and the song they composed was "Fifty Good Men."  This was then sung at an outdoor dramatization during the interval at a match at Rectory Park home of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.
Peter cuts the cake
To mark the occasion, Liz Leck had organised a large cake, showing a cricket bat and ball with a hat on top and inscription of Ten Not Out.
A sculpture was commissioned with Lottery funding which is a unique piece of modern art commemorating the bravery of those Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club members who lost their lives in World War One.  It has been presented and will be awarded in future to a member for outstanding achievement. It sits proudly as a lasting and touching memorial at our home in Rectory Park.  “Appropriately the first recipient was Peter Bell."
Salvete & Valete
The Club are particularly pleased to welcome back Matt Parker who as well as adding to our 1st XI squad this season, brings his skills as a coach and in strength and conditioning available to parents as well as juniors in that particular aspect.  Welcome also to our new overseas player Dinushka Nawarathnage, a 23-year-old all-rounder from Sri Lanka, (subject to Home Office approval).  Dinushka is currently playing first class cricket for the Royal Naval Club in his home country and is expected to arrive in Sutton around mid-April and is expected to play throughout the summer and will also be involved in coaching on Tuesdays and Fridays and will also be available for 1-2-1 sessions with juniors.
Dinushka arrival is a replacement for Dan Childs, who has an opportunity of a teaching post in his home country of South Africa.  Something that was too good to pass over and will also allow him to concentrate of finishing his teaching diploma, which was one of his goals and he is also getting married to Aletta in October and we wish him well.  For those of you interested, Dan has also fully recovered from his back problem and recently took a 6-wicket haul to help his side to go top of the league with two games to go.  Dan contributed significantly to the club’s success over his 5-year spell here and I hope it's not the last time we see him at Rectory Park.
Over the winter month a number of players have depart for pastures new for a variety of reasons.  One of the challenges we face as all club do is that our talented players are often targets for other clubs willing to pay reasonable sums of money to entice players away. This unfortunately has been the case with a couple of our leavers.  On the plus side players leaving create opportunities for others to join the Sutton Coldfield Club and a number of players have moved to the club from Aston Unity and will undoubtedly strengthen our teams particularly at 3rd team level where our lack of experience has seen us struggle over the last 2 seasons.  It will also allow our younger players to take the chances they are given. This will however also mean that our more experienced players have a key role in supporting and mentoring those less experienced at senior level.
One notable departure was Steve Perryman who had a distinguished playing and coaching career with both Warwickshire and Worcestershire County Cricket Clubs has decided not to continue as Head Coach.  Steve has played an important part in the development of our club over the last few years and we thank him for his efforts and wish both he and Carol well for the future.
The Groundsman’s Storage replacing the Groundsman’s Shed.
It is about 10 years since the wooden groundsman’s shed collapsed and the ugly tin cans arrives as a short-term measure and have appeared to be permanent on both the ground and car park, so by the next newsletter that will have gone as the new building is in the final stage of completion.  Nobody will mourn the departure of the containers as they have been an eye sore and subject to many unkind comments from all who visit Rectory Park.  So, we are deeply indebted to the Municipal Charities for providing much of the funding and to our main sponsors by the Lane Group who have project managed the build.  The Construction will see an end to the unsightly containers in the bottom corner of the ground and in the car park whilst providing better storage for our equipment.  The building has a concrete base and is in place between the pavilion and the score box and the store itself has been constructed of steel and is of a dark green colour.  The Club has worked hard over recent years in finding the funding for the storage of our expensive ground machinery and the new building will enable us to store and maintain our equipment in a more suitable place.
A View from the Past for the Newsletter
Many of the older members will remember the 'clip clop' sound of the daily deliveries of goods being delivered to their homes, such as bread, milk, coal and even a Davenports Beer at Home service.  All the carts were pulled by either a Suffolk Punch or a Clydesdale, who were horses with big feet and powerful shoulders. The next time you are likely to see a Clydesdale is when you watch the State Visit of the United States of America's President, Donald Trump, in which the Household Cavalry drum horse will be a Clydesdale.
The Cricket Club had horses up until around the start of the Second World War during which very little cricket was played and after the war the Club secured a small Ferguson tractor.
Looking back at the minutes of the first half of the Twentieth Century, the Club was never very kind to the horse with quotations that “the horse will last another season” and “it is lame but it should last the season”. The horse was, however, an integral part of the groundsman's equipment. Every morning the horse would have to be dressed, not just with his or her harness, but two pairs of steel shoes with leather straps were put on to prevent the horse damaging the playing surface. It was quite a chore for the horse to be persuaded to lift each leg in turn to fit the shoes on correctly. The horse was then connected to the very heavy roller and for the next hour or so the horse and groundsman would traverse the next cricket strip to be played on, requiring a large turning circle at both ends so as not to damage the square. At the end of the cricket season the horse would be part of the ground rent agreement with Sutton Coldfield Hockey Club for rolling the pitches after hockey games. The shoes remained in the back of the old wood groundsman's shed until around 2000 when the shed finally collapsed and was replaced with the tin cans on both the ground and in the car park. At last, the tin cans will disappear when the new brick groundsman's store, currently under construction will accommodate the entire Club's ground equipment.
The documents always referred to the horse as “The Horse” it never had a name nor was it described as a mare or stallion, yet the horse was part of the Club's ground work for nearly one hundred years.  An incident in 1912 in the minute’s states that 'the horse being sacked for kicking the groundsman'. I suppose he may have had a stone in his shoe.
The horse lived outside in Rectory Park all the year, although there was a bit of a lean-to by the groundsman's shed. However, if there was any severe frost around during the winter months and it was obvious than no hockey was playable then the horse would be sent back to the local farmer to be under cover.  Today's children will go up to a horse and you can see them leaning on the railings being encouraged by parents to give the horse a 'tit bit' of some sort, like an apple or carrot, but from the 1900s to the 1940s the public kept away from the horse because of its unknown temperament.
Most of the younger members of today regard 'Horse Power' as something you consider when buying a car whilst looking under the bonnet, but, to the older members, the sound of the 'Clip Clop' of the awaited delivery of essential goods is remembered with nostalgia.
By Peter Bell, the Club Historian & Archivist who wrote the following verse for the local newspaper.  “Remembering the past, with hope for the future.”
I remember the Coal man, Milkman and Baker’s vanand counting the coal bags being left by a black man,but not in colour, it was only dustthat appeared on his face like a crust.
Our coal deliveries were hauled by a Clydesdaleand carried into your home by a man who was not frail.There was also Davenports “Beer at Home” was his shoutas he entered your road offering you ale or a bottle of stout.
Then there were the fireworks, day and by night,with the sky lit up by search lights,as bangers went off, giving you a fright,by German bombs producing an appalling sight
With our ration book to handOur grocer would demandcoupons for sugar, butter, bacon and eggs,plus, another for boiled sweets or even clothes pegs
The only orange I knew about was not round,but came from a bottle, under the counter found,for children in need of vitamin “C”that doctors had arranged to see.
CCTV Cameras
As part of the ongoing improvements to the clubhouse, a new CCTV system was installed last week giving greater coverage of the area including the new ground store, and also includes two new internal cameras. One camera is in the lounge, and the other one is in the dining room. These have been installed to support the club's application to change to a    Premises.
The club has registered the new system with the Data Protection Register, and it will only be used if an incident is reported and needs investigation.
Groundsman Course
During the month of February Mike Hepburn, Grounds Chairman, went on a Groundsman Course in Bristol and on his returned has indicated that maintenance will be carried out on the nets, and they will be treated and industrially cleaned.  Mike also sent an urgent appeal for volunteers to undertake a number of maintenance tasks as there is a great deal of essential work required on the ground before the start of the season.  Over the winter months a small grounds team have been busy removing leaves from the ground, and with the aid of a skip the stored clubhouse rubbish has been cleared out and a general tidying up achieved, so many thanks to all those volunteers.   The grounds team have also treated and spiked the squares and the outfield will shortly be slit, spiked and weed killer will be applied in time for the start of the new season.
Good Bye Unsightly Storage Containers
The storage containers on the ground, used to store the Club’s ground equipment have now at last gone with the new groundsman’s storage facilities in full use.  This will also release a changing room within the pavilion that has for necessity being holding expensive ground equipment for safe keeping for many years.  Also, the last container that was situated in the car park was removed, much to the pleasure of the FORP and visitors to the park.  The BCC also resurfaced the roadway into the car park and put down double yellow lines on it, which has made access for all vehicles easier and safer.
Fixture Cards
In the haste to get this season’s fixture cards into circulation they were not “Prof Read” and had to be reprinted as some 23 errors were identified including many of the sponsors’ advertisement regarding their company activities.
In Memory of the Battle of Passchendaele & Albert Edward Wakefield
Between July and November 2017, the 100th anniversary of the Third Battle of Ypres, which became known as the battle of Passendaele was fought out in 1917 during the First World War.  For the soldiers who fought at Passchendaele, it was known as “The Battle of Mud”.
Passchendaele as it was called in 1917, is a rural Belgian village in the Zonnebeke municipality of West Flanders.  During three and a half months of fighting which cost the lives of over half a million Allied and German service men were wounded or lost.  Around 90,000 British and Commonwealth soldiers were missing, of which 50,000 were buried without being identified and 42,000 bodies were never recovered from the Belgian fields of Flanders that turned into an ocean of mud.
Among those that lost their life and whose body was never recovered was a young man of 20 years of age, who lived in Mere Green Road with his parents, brothers and sisters and played for the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club’s “A” team.  He was Albert Edward Wakefield, born in Boldmere, Sutton Coldfield on 27 October 1896 and was the son of William Alfred and Florence Wakefield who moved to Mere Green Road, Four Oaks in 1899.  He was educated at Bishop Vesey Grammar School 1908 to 1910, and on the 29 September 1910 transferred to the Town Boy’s School.
Albert enlisted in Sutton Coldfield sometime in 1914 with the Norfolk Regiment – Private 32133 and later he served with the Worcestershire Regiment 1/7th Battalion – Private 41382.  Why Albert was transferred to the Worcestershire Regiment is not known
On 16 August 1917 the 1st/5th Gloucester’s of the 48th Division (to which the 1st/7th Worcestershire’s belonged) struggled to capture the last house in the north of St. Julian, a village about 5 miles north east of Ypres.  Albert Wakefield was killed when a company of Worcester’s launched an unsuccessful attack on Maison du Hibou at 2.30 am on the 17th of August. The fighting had been fierce in an attempt to capture the village of St Julien just to the south of Langemarck and they were caught in German crossfire from Hillock Farm and Maison du Hibou.  Hillcok Farm eventually fell to the Bucks Regiment, 1/1st Battalion.  Everywhere there were bodies, English and German, in all attitudes and stages of decomposition.
Albert’s death was reported as killed in action on 17 August 1917 (France & Flanders) and he has no known grave and was awarded the Victory and British Medals.
Albert is commemorated on the Tyne Cot Memorial and on the Bishop Vesey Grammar School’s Roll of Honour.  He is also commemorated on the St James Church, Mere Green, Roll of Honour where he worshipped and a Memorial Service was held at St James Church in his memory.
No army service record can be found on-line of Albert’s career serving King and Country prior to the battle of Ypres.  However, he did have two brothers; Percy, who was 3 years older than Albert and in the 1911 census at the age of 16 he was employed by the LNWR (London & North Western Railway) as a porter.  Albert’s younger brother, Arthur Stanley Wakefield who in the 1939 census would be around 44 years of age and was living at Church View in Mere Green Road with his Mother Florence Wakefield who would be around 74 years of age when the 1939 census took place.
Albert had three younger sisters according to the 1911 census living in Church View, Mere Green Road; Hilda Victoria, Dorothy Rose and Irene Florence.  In the 1939 Census, Dorothy Rose Wakefield would be about 36 years of age and unmarried and was still living in Church View, Mere Green Road with her brother Arthur and her mother.  What became of the Wakefield family?  It would be interesting if anyone has any information on this family, in particular Arthur who died in battle 100 years ago on the 17th August 2017.
By Peter Bell
411 runs for 2 wickets
Looking back over the 170 years that the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club have been playing cricket, Saturday the 8th July was the first occasion that any Sutton team has passed the 400-run mark in any sort of cricket; this was achieved away at Harborne’s Old Church Avenue ground.  A ground that has always been a little smaller than most ground, where traditionally big scores have been registered but none that I can recall of over 400 runs.  Not even when the Warwickshire County Cricket Club took a very strong side over to play Harborne in what was their centenary year in 1968 a game that I umpired.
However, Sutton’s game at Harborne was an outstanding achievement by the team in scoring 411 runs for the loss of two wickets in which the Club picked up 17 points and up into 3rd position in the league.  The game was a personal success for two young players; Captain & wicket keeper Lee Thomason (24 years of age) and Tom Eustace (22 years of age): who in an unbroken 3rd wicket stand of 290 runs in which Lee was not out with 202 runs to his name and Tom on 127 when the 55 over were completed by a very tied and exhausted Harborne team.
Lee only received 147 balls and scored 11 sixes and 18 fours, with Lee’s second 100 being scored off 32 balls.  Tom was no slow coach, joining Lee with the score at 121 when Mark Guest was out on 59, scoring his 127 runs off 84 balls with 5 sixes and 16 fours.  Lee and Tom between them caused Harborne to have to find 9 replacement balls.
For those interested in statistics, a total of 17 sixes = 102 runs and 47 fours = 188 runs totaling 390 runs scored in boundaries in the Sutton innings, which included Mark Guest 11 fours and 1 six in the 81 balls he received and Amir Shabir in an opening partnership of 26 with Mark scored 2 fours.
Harborne in their reply managed to score 219 runs for the loss on 8 wickets with our overseas player Dinushka Nawarathnage taking 4 wickets for 62 runs in 12 overs and James Lunn taking 3 for 25 runs in 13 overs.  Steven Howard chipped in with a wicket in his 12 overs for 62 runs, with Harborne well short of Sutton’s total by 192 runs.
An outstanding achievement for the Sutton 1st team and a copy of the score card will be recorded in the 170 years of the Club’s History.
Highlights of the Season
A season that promised much with the 1st team being in 4th position in the BC&DPL Division 2 for a number of weeks in the early part of the season but with players availability diminishing regularly and the with the highest number of abandoned games; 5 in total; in all BCHUA fixtures the team finished the season in 9th position, but were never in danger of being relegated.
In the Leagues statistics, only a few members were mentioned.  Lee Thomason finished in 9th position in Division 2 with a batting average of 75.6 and was runner up with a total of 878 runs for the season.  Lee also hit the highest individual in all B&DPL clubs with his 202 not out against Harborne.
In the bowling our overseas player from Sir Lanka, Dinushka Nawarathnage finished 8th in the Division 2 leading wicket taker with 31 wickets and an average of 25.8.  His best performance was against Fordhouses where he took 6 wickets for 25 runs.
Jack Smith got a mention for finishing 6th in the league with 13 catches.
Harborne CC 1st XI   Vs.   Sutton Coldfield CC - 1st XI
League: Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League Division Two - 2017
Date:     Saturday 8th July 2017
Start:     12.00 noon
Sutton Coldfield CC - 1st XI won the toss and elected to bat
Result:    Sutton Coldfield CC - 1st XI - Winning Draw 10 points
Harborne CC - 1st XI
Sutton Coldfield CC - 1st XI
Score
219 for 8 (55 overs)
411 for 2 (55 overs) '
Game Points
2
10
Penalty Points
0
0
Batting Points
2
4
Bowling Points
0
3
Total Points
4
17
Sutton Coldfield CC - 1st XI     Batting
Name
HHow Out
Bowler
Runs
4s
6s
Balls
1
Amir Shabir
ct Karan Bharaj
b  Daniel Wright
11
2
0
17
2
Mark Guest
ct Tom Payne
b  Karan Bharaj
59
11
1
81
3
Lee Thomason*†
not out
202
18
11
147
4
Tom Eustace
not out
127
16
5
84
5
Dinushka Nawarathnage
did not bat
6
Jack Smith
did not bat
7
Matthew Parker
did not bat
8
George Westlake
did not bat
9
Steven Howard
did not bat
10
James Lunn
did not bat
11
Raul Ram
did not bat
Extras       b (1), w (8), nb (3)
12
Total
411
Wickets
2
Overs
55
* = Captain, † = Wicket Keeper
Fall of Wickets
26-1 Amir Shabir (Mark Guest-14*); 121-2 Mark Guest (Lee Thomason-46*);
* = not out batsman
Bowler
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
Wides
No Balls
1
Srikant Mundhe
10
0
76
0
0
0
2
Daniel Wright
12
2
74
1
2
3
3
James Hunt
10
1
57
0
1
0
4
Karan Bharaj
12
0
63
1
0
0
5
Tim Holland
9
0
101
0
5
0
6
Tom Arnold
2
0
39
0
0
0
Fielding Extras/Non-bowler wickets
1
0
Total
55
3
411
2
8
3
Harborne CC - 1st XI       Batting
Name
How Out
Bowler
Runs
4s
6s
Balls
1
Guriq Randhawa
ct Matthew Parker
b  Dinushka Nawarathnage
66
14
0
52
2
Tom Arnold
ct Jack Smith
b  James Lunn
24
4
1
44
3
Andrew Lloyd*
ct Lee Thomason
b  Dinushka Nawarathnage
10
1
0
12
4
James Hunt
ct Steven Howard
b  James Lunn
1
0
0
6
5
Tom Payne
b  Dinushka Nawarathnage
0
0
0
13
6
Srikant Mundhe
ct George Westlake
b  James Lunn
0
0
0
4
7
Karan Bharaj
b  Steven Howard
20
4
0
36
8
Darren Franklin
ct Lee Thomason
b  Dinushka Nawarathnage
0
0
0
11
9
Daniel Wright
not out
47
9
0
97
10
Tim Holland
not out
31
5
0
44
11
Jack Holloway†
did not bat
Extras       b (4), lb (3), w (11), nb (2)
20
Total
219
Wickets
8
Overs
55
* = Captain, † = Wicket Keeper
Fall of Wickets
91-1 Guriq Randhawa (Tom Arnold-24*); 102-2 Andrew Lloyd (Tom Arnold-24*); 102-3 Tom Arnold (James Hunt-0*); 103-4 James Hunt (Tom Payne-0*); 103-5 Srikant Mundhe (Tom Payne-0*); 103-6 Tom Payne (Karan Bharaj-0*); 103-7 Darren Franklin (Karan Bharaj-0*); 134-8 Karan Bharaj (Daniel Wright-7*);
* = not out batsman
Bowler
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
Wides
No Balls
1
Steven Howard
12
4
62
1
6
0
2
Dinushka Nawarathnage
17
7
38
4
1
2
3
Raul Ram
8
1
54
0
0
0
4
James Lunn
13
6
25
3
0
0
5
Jack Smith
3
0
23
0
4
0
6
George Westlake
2
0
10
0
0
0
Fielding Extras/Non-bowler wickets
7
0
Total
55
18
219
8
11
2
Match Officials
Umpires
Neil Davies, Khalil Mullan
Scorers
Luke Richards, Steve Smith
The Final League Table for 1st Team in B&DPL 2nd Division
CLUB
P
W1
W2
WD1
WD2
TD
ED
LD
L
A
BTP
BWP
PEN
PTS
OSWESTRY
22
4
10
0
0
0
0
1
4
3
12
12
0
337
HALESOWEN
22
3
11
0
0
0
0
1
6
1
8
23
0
330
C & R HAWKS
22
3
7
2
1
0
0
0
6
3
22
29
0
304
FORDHOUSES
22
5
9
1
0
0
0
0
7
0
8
21
36
301
PERSHORE
22
4
5
1
3
0
0
1
6
2
24
29
0
299
HARBORNE
22
2
5
1
0
0
0
3
8
3
27
33
0
237
PENKRIDGE
22
0
7
0
1
0
0
0
12
2
31
30
0
221
COVENTRY NW
22
0
7
0
0
0
0
5
7
3
24
30
0
219
SUTTON COLDFIELD
22
3
1
1
2
1
0
0
9
5
30
29
0
212
WOMBOURNE
22
0
6
0
1
0
0
1
11
3
24
38
1
208
OLD ELIZABETHANS
22
0
4
0
1
1
0
0
13
3
25
48
0
186
OLD HILL
22
1
3
0
0
0
0
3
11
4
24
42
24
152
Oswestry and Halesowen were promoted to Division 1 for next season, with Old Hill and Old Elizabethans being relegated into Division 3.  Incidentally Walmley CC were relegated from the 1st Division and will join the Sutton Coldfield Club in Division 2 next season.
The second Xl played in the B&DPCL 2nd Division South and finished the season in 9th position out of the 12 team with 198 points.  No players appeared in the leagues average in either, batting, bowling or fielding statistics.
The 3rd Xl playing in the 10th Division of the Warwickshire Cricket League finished the season in 5th position out of the 10 clubs that played in the Division 10 West with a creditable number of league points of 209. Rhyn Morgan finished the season in 13th position in the league’s averages with an aggregate of 305 runs and average of 33.7 and his highest score was 63.  Sam Bogle finished in 19th position and has a highest score of 106 and an aggregate of 238 runs at an average of 34.0.  In the bowling Ramanjit Singh finished in second position in the league with an average of 11.86 and a total of 28 wickets with a best performance against Shenely Field CC with 5 for 10 in 5 overs.
A Sutton Coldfield 4th team played in the WCL Division 12 finishing 6 out of 8 teams with Martin Sprawson finishing 4 in the division’s batting averages with 44.4 and a highest score of 79 and totaled 222 runs in the season.
Arden Sunday Cricket league
With the closure on the Warwickshire Sunday League the Sutton Coldfield 1st team joined the Arden Sunday Cricket league and were placed in the 3rd Division.  Incidentally there was no 1st Division but two Premier Leagues Blue and Yellow. The team finished the season as runners up to Kenilworth Wardens with 182 points, but no player appearing in either the batting or bowling top 10 averages.
Sublets
During the course of the season the Pavilion was let out to a number of sublets.  Below shows the premises prior to a dinner and a wedding in all its glory.  So, if you have a major family event, or anniversary then the Pavilion is available.
The Pavilion Facilities are Available for Hire
Figure 1 - Christmas party for 110 people
Figure 2 - Wedding reception for 90 people
Chapter XVlll   2018 – 2019.
2018
Roger Coombs passed away in his sleep at Good Hope Hospital on the 6th February 2018 aged 83; he had not been well during the last 2 years of his life and his Obituary by Peter follows below: -
Obituary to Roger Coombs – Life Member
An Outstanding Wicket-keeper
Roger Coombs was born on the 23rd September 1934 in Sutton Coldfield and went to Hanley Castle a boarding school for boys in Worcestershire.  During his school’s summer holidays he would be seen sitting on a bench between the two grounds in Rectory Park watching cricket with his cricket kit in its bag beside him; in the hope that a player would be late arriving.  Lateness was something the 1st team captain, Pat Bowerbank, would not tolerate.  Like in all story books, one day a player failed to arrive on time to take the field, so Pat enquired whether Roger had his kit with him and, with his positive response, Roger was told “Get you kit on you are playing”.  So, Roger made his cricket debit for Sutton in the 1st team at the age of 16 – 17 years in 1950 or 51.
Roger Coombs
Having played cricket at school, he had learned the hard way, from his school sports master about always turning out with clean and well-prepared kit.  He was once dropped from the school team as they were about to take the field, because he had not whitened his pads.  From then on Roger was an extremely smartly turned-out cricketer throughout his playing career.
In 1954 Roger received his National Service call up papers to join the army and was sent to learn to drive a 10-ton truck before being posted to Germany and based in the Berlin area.  During the next two years he not only drove around Germany, he also became a very important player in both the regiment’s cricket and hockey teams.  Back in “civvy street” in September 1956, Roger resumed his association with the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club for the start of the 1957 season, playing most of his cricket in the 2nd team.
For the past fifty years the club had possessed wicket-keepers of the highest class in club cricket, and this period was no exception.  Roger would have gained a place in almost any club's 1st team, but with Sutton Coldfield he was unfortunate in that he had to play "second fiddle" first to Geoff Pritchett and then to Peter Lowe.  It was only when the Warwickshire County Cricket Club were trying to persuade Peter to sign professional terms that Roger was allowed frequent opportunities to wear the pads and gloves.  Peter was moved by his employer, ICI, to a job in the Bristol area and in 1966 Roger became the regular 1st team wicket keeper.
Through the early 1960’s Roger had featured as a very capable batsman finishing in 1960 & 61 seasons with the 2nd team highest aggregate batting runs; totaling 657 and 619 runs respectively.  As the 2nd team’s wicket keeper Roger had established a club’s record in 1961 when claiming 76 victims behind the stumps during the season, a record that still stands today in 2018.  However, with Peter’s departure, Roger became the 1st team wicket keeper for the next 10 season.  In 1971 when he was elected 1st team captain, he could not be persuaded to relinquish the gloves to James McDowall a Cambridge Wicket-keeper Blue who had joined the club.
Roger was an outstanding wicket-keeper for Sutton Coldfield for over 30 years and regularly had 50 victims a season and in his career had close on a total of 900 victims.  He would have clearly made the 1,000 mark if the umpires standing at square leg had been as quick with their eye as Roger was with his reaction to the batsman’s back foot being lifted.
Roger regularly toured with both the Warwickshire Pilgrims and the Warwickshire Imps to Eastbourne and Sidmouth respectively.  He also tours with the Mayflies to the Gliffaes Hotel playing clubs around the Abergavenny area.  The highlight of Roger’s playing career was to play at the famous Wanderers Stadium in Johannesburg in 1975 when he was selected by the Midland Club Cricket Conference to tour South Africa as the team’s wicket-keeper batsman.  Because of Apartheid the tour went under the Kingfisher name.
He was also the ground secretary from 1974 until to about 2000 and, retiring from playing around 1980, and took on the white coat and umpired with the second team for several seasons.  Roger was elected a Life Member in 1989
One can’t conclude without referring to the fact that Roger joined the Sutton Coldfield Hockey Club in September 1956 playing in the 1st team until 1974.  He rejoined the Sutton club after a short spell playing for Kings Heath HC, but the drink and drive law became too much of a challenge so he returned to Sutton playing in the social 4th Xl until he retired in the early 1980’s.
To sum up Roger sporting prowess; he was a hard but honest competitor, played to the best of his ability and in the right sprit, and was the most amicable man in the bar after a game.
Roger passed away in his sleep at Good Hope Hospital on the 6th February 2018 aged 83, leaving two devoted daughters, Laura and Helen.
By Peter Bell
Annual Dinner –
The Club's Annual Dinner was held on Friday the 9th February 2018 at the Moor Hall Golf Club and was attended by a 100 members and guests with 10 letters of congratulation received by the President expressing enjoyment of the event.
The proceedings were compered by our President, James Ross, who ask all to stand for a minute silence in respect of a long serving and life member, Roger Coombs who died a few days earlier.  After an excellent dinner the £200 'stand-up-bingo' prize was won by    Richard Abell who graciously donated it back to the Club
Michael Mackey won the “Clubman of the Year Award” with Guran Ballagan receiving the “Carol Hansford Award” and the “Terry Matthews Award” going to Mustafa Ali.  The “Junior Player of the Year” was won by James Lunn.
The formal event was concluded by Paul Greetham, Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club & Warwickshire C.C.C’s Development Manager interviewing the County Cricket Club’s Sport Director, Ashley Giles MBE, which was followed by a comedian, Adger Brown, from the South of England, who entertain us royally.
John Howard
John was elected a Life Member of the SC Cricket Club on Thursday 17th May 2018, during a party attended by some 90 members and friends celebrating John’s sixtieth birthday, when he was presented with a citation by the President, James Ross in recognition of his work for the Club.
Sutton Coldfield CC Vets Xl
The Club under the management of Mike Hepburn and the captaincy of Andy Biddle enter the Elford Vets T20 Cricket League with evening games starting at 6 pm, with teams from Aston Unity, Four Oaks Saints, Elford, Nuneaton, Sutton Coldfield and Walmley CCs’ for players over the age of 40 years.
Two Centurions
A record for the Club when two players both scored centuries in a 4th team game against Walmley 5th team on the lower ground on Saturday 19th May.  Silva Jayahanthan opened the batting and scored 104 before being LBW, Sergel Weerasuriya batting at No. 3 scored 140 not out when the 4th team declared on 321 runs for 5 wickets after 42 overs. Walmley in their reply scored 252 runs for 4 wickets at the end of a 48 over game.  Sutton had a winning draw with 15 points against Walmley’s 10 points.
Obituary to Andy Biddle
An Outstanding Sportsman
1965 - 2018
Andrew Robert Charles Biddle, 'Bidds', joined Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club (SCCC) as a junior member in 1978. Initially as a scorer for senior teams before going on to play regularly. His openness, passion and lack of shyness soon endeared him to his team mates and earned the respect of opponents. He had a winning mentality but always competed within the spirit of the game. In his mid-twenties he became a regular member of Sutton 1st X1 as a wicket keeper batsman. Andrew's prowess as a wicket keeper led to him being asked to play for Worcestershire CCC 2nd X1. An opportunity he turned down to his regret in later life.
The highlight of Andrew's playing career was in 1993 when SCCC were crowned league champions. He was planning a 25th anniversary celebration later this year.
Andy Biddle
Very sadly he will be the one person unable to attend an event he would have greatly cherished.
As a batsman Andrew's great strength was his skill at working the ball into gaps and using his speed between the wickets to keep the scoreboard ticking over. Being quicker than his team mates this inevitably resulted from time to time in run outs. In his penultimate match three weeks ago for the newly formed SCCC Veterans his eagerness to scamper a single resulted in one of his closest friends, sixty-four-year-old Michael Hepburn, complete with new knee, being run out by seven yards. Given his good nature grudges were never held. In his later career with the gauntlets discarded Andrew revealed himself to be an outstanding fielder with a very safe pair of hands.
Apart from playing for Sutton other clubs represented were, Warwickshire Imps, The Civil Service and Mayflies. In 1983 along with his close friend Richard Abell, Andrew organised the SCCC tour to Cambridge which ran successfully for several years.
The grind of the working week was a bit of anathema to Andrew and apart from playing sport his real vocation lay in the coaching of youngsters at cricket and football. He was very supportive of youth sport and it gave him the opportunity to give back with interest what he had taken out as a player. His natural enthusiasm and connectivity rubbed off on his charges. He took on the role of coaching SCCC Under-10s and saw them through to fourteen. To his great credit many of them are now playing in SCCC senior teams. His football coaching skills were equally adept and took him to Australia to coach youngsters.
Cricket wasn't Andrew's only passion. He played football with great distinction for Sutton Town, Paget Rangers, Boldmere St Michael's, Parkfield, Sutton United, Halfway FC, Brookvale and The Civil Service. The pinnacle of his career came whilst appearing in the FA Cup for Sutton Town v Bolton Wanderers and laying on the Sutton goal in a 2-1 defeat shown on the Match of the Day programme. Had work not been so intrusive he would have had time to be a very capable golfer.
At Bishop Vesey's Grammar School, he was a formidable hockey player, and this sporting talent resulted in him being recognised as Sutton Coldfield Sports Personality of the Year in the 1990s.
Life off the pitch progressed at the same pace with Andrew always at the forefront of any gathering, however informal, with team mates past and present. A love of Carling or Argentinian Malbec ensured these meetings were always convivial and full of banter. Nobody however close was spared a lighted hearted quip, and if the boot was on the other foot the response was always swift and inevitably amusing. That quickness of thought was shown in another understated talent, that of the written word.
My thoughts and sentiments about Andrew's passing will be shared by so many. Andrew had a very caring nature and giving to charity played an important part in his life. But above all else, we offer deepest condolences to his family. Mother Pat, sister Nicola, brother Richard, three children that he adored and thought the world of, Vicki, Lauren and Saul, and to Lyn, Diane and Suzanne.
Andrew you will sorely missed and will always be in our hearts. It is difficult coming to terms at your sudden passing at such a young age. Life will never be quite the same for your family, so many friends, acquaintances and colleagues. Rest assured we won't let you down and we will give you the very best of send offs which you so thoroughly deserve.
Goodbye for now and God bless you.
James Ross, President
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
www.suttoncoldfieldobserver.co.uk    Friday 29th June 2018
An emotional tribute to a Sutton `legend'
By NICK HORNER News Reporter
AN EMOTIONAL tribute has been paid to a Sutton Coldfield sporting 'legend' ahead of his funeral next week by one of his closest friends.  Jez Dale, who describes himself as one of Andy Biddle's 'thousands of friends; urged the town to attend Bids' funeral at Holy Trinity Parish Church next Friday, July 6.
Andy, who played more than 500 times for Sutton Coldfield Town FC and for Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, died on Friday, June 8, following a heart attack while playing an over-40s cricket match two days before.
Jez, for whom Andy was Best Man at his wedding, said: "Next Friday, the town of Sutton Coldfield has the chance to say a fond farewell to one of its sporting legends.
'Andy Biddle, or 'Bids' as he was affectionately known, was a loyal servant to both the football club and cricket club that bears the town's name. He played nearly 500 times for Sutton Town Football Club and even more than that for Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.  "He loved both clubs and showed them huge loyalty when he could have chosen to play at an even higher standard.  "That longevity and loyalty has meant he has become affectionately known to so many as 'Mr. Sutton Coldfield:  "He was an exciting and naturally talented player, whether that was on the left wing of the football pitch, or keeping wicket or as a batsman on the cricket pitch. He could turn a game of either in his team's favour with a flash of brilliance. You always wanted Bids on your team.  "However, it wasn't just his loyalty and his skill that made Bids special; he was a huge asset in the dressing room. His witty, intelligent banter was renowned and he built the camaraderie and team spirit that is essential in successful teams.
"He was a heartbeat of all the teams he played for and, having played alongside him, I often felt he loved being in the dressing room just as much as he did being on the pitch.  "He was mischievous, charming and there was rarely a dull moment when you were in Bids' company. He had an infectious personality and that is what drew people to him. He was the connector that brought different friend groups together and he was the glue that kept us all together.  "It was his love of sport and his love for his friends that caused him several weeks ago to enter a Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club veterans' team into a midweek league. He brought together many ex-team-mates, who had long hung up their cricket boots, and convinced many of them to come out of retirement.
"He set up a WhatsApp group with over 50 ex-players and for several weeks It 'pinged' constantly as he bantered with the group and convinced people to play, against their better judgement. Many people only agreed to turn out, as they put it, 'because it was for Bids.'  "It was fun to hear that constant 'ping, ping, ping' and to see him once more in his element, picking the team, joking with everyone and bringing old friends together.
"Then, a few games into the season, I was working late and the phone's pings continued incessantly for an hour or so. It was the night of a game and I expected it to be news of another batting collapse or a huge score being put together by the opposition.  "Sadly, those were not the reason. Bids had suffered a heart attack trying to turn a single into a quickly-run two. He never regained consciousness, despite valiant efforts from players and paramedics, and he passed away 48 hours later in hospital surrounded by family and close friends.
"He was just 52 years old, but we take comfort from the fact that his last waking moment was in a place he loved, doing what he loved."  Jez added: "Bids lived life to the full and we are going to ensure he leaves us in a fitting way and we will be at the club late into the evening. His children have asked if those who attend have a photo of them with Bids, please would they bring a copy of it with a message or their favourite story written on the back.  "The word 'legend' is used too frequently, in my opinion, but it is so justified in this circumstance. He was a great footballer, a hugely talented cricketer, a fabulous team-mate, a good bloke and a great friend to so many of us.
"Our lives were enriched for having spent time with him and, while we are all hurting at present, we know we will come to appreciate how lucky we were to have known him."
The funeral starts at 11am at Holy Trinity Parish Church, and was followed by a wake at his beloved Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.
A tribute to Bids by Richard Able
Mr. Magnificent
Teenage friend a very special mate
Friendship began at the old school gate
He’d often start a line and say
“I’m not being funny Abe”, that was his way
I was calm ….he was not
He was sparkling, fizzy, a bottle of pop
A son, a brother and a father to three
Unwavering friend, outspoken honesty
From the early days of our youth
Our friendship was forged on respect and truth
Sometimes he’d wobble with personal doubt
As friends we'd sit and work it out
And if ever I lent him something of mine
I’d never see it again…but that was fine
To his very core he was a Sutton Man
But let’s not forget his beloved West Ham
At school he was of diminutive stature
Countered by his kaleidoscopic character
For his popularity was abundantly clear
Voted Sutton Coldfield Sports Personality of the year
With his sporting passions of football and cricket
He had amazing pace on the turn and at the wicket
He was many things to many folks
Player, teammate and a coach
A passionate and competitive nature
Losing simply did not feature
Annual highlights in days of yore
Were the golden times on cricket tour
He played with heart and soul in every football game
And when he considered the referee was to blame
He’d protest his grievances loud and clear
…and the inevitable red card would appear.  (again)…
So many stories deserve a mention
Not least the tale of his police detention
His spontaneity and joi de vivre
Could find trouble…but then reprieve
For he was fleet of foot and quick of wit
Trouble? He’d always wriggle out of it
Except that time on our Greek vacation
And his 24 hours of incarceration
Innocent beers in a local bar
A fracas broke out from afar
Cops swooped in as we looked on
Then it all went very wrong
He was warned to cease his Z cars humming
Woodsy and I didn’t see what was coming
Impressed with his own jaunty wit
He carried on humming it
And so my friends I can attest
To the crime that lead to his Greek arrest
This became a legendary tale
Of our Kavos vacation and his 24 hours in jail
He lived his life in technicolour
Dramatic funny, there was no other
Cricket, chats, mirth and beers
A memory box of over 40 years
And I will forever lift the lid
On Mr Magnificent …the unforgettable…Bids.
Aaron Thomason
Aaron Thomason has taken 24 wickets in Twenty20 cricket for Warwickshire
All-rounder Aaron Thomason has signed a new contract with Warwickshire County Cricket Club.
Aaron, now aged 21, has agreed a new two-year deal and will remain at Edgbaston for the 2019 campaign.  He has made 16 List A appearances for Warwickshire and played 28 T20 games for Birmingham Bears since his debut in 2014.
"Aaron has been a consistent performer in white-ball cricket for the last two years and he can make a serious push to play in the Championship side," said sport director Ashley Giles.
Second Division Final League Table on the 2018 Season
CLUB
P
W1
W2
WD1
WD2
TD
ED
LD
L
A
BTP
BWP
PEN
PTS
HARBORNE
22
3
7
0
5
0
0
1
4
2
33
32
0
339
C & R HAWKS
22
3
10
0
0
0
0
1
5
3
15
15
1
318
WALMLEY
22
4
8
1
0
0
0
1
6
2
22
18
0
316
PENKRIDGE
22
4
6
0
0
1
1
2
6
2
17
32
0
292
ATTOCK
22
6
3
1
1
0
0
0
8
3
25
26
10
278
FORDHOUSES
22
2
8
0
0
1
0
0
11
0
24
29
0
269
SUTTON COLDFIELD
22
2
7
0
1
0
0
1
8
3
25
24
0
264
WOMBOURNE
22
3
4
0
0
0
0
1
13
1
33
43
0
235
PERSHORE
22
1
6
1
2
0
0
1
9
2
28
33
20
225
STREETLY
22
2
5
0
0
0
0
2
11
2
29
29
3
217
COVENTRY NW
22
1
5
0
0
0
1
1
12
2
34
38
0
213
ASTWOOD BANK
22
1
5
0
0
0
0
1
13
2
27
37
0
200
With the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League reverting to only two leagues, a Premier and 1st Division for the 2019 season, all the Second & Third Division teams plus all 2nd Xl teams will be moved back into their respective county league structures.
Harborne who won the 2nd Division will replace Wellington who were relegated from the 1st Division and will play in the Shropshire League.  C & R Hawkins, although runners up in Division 2, their ground did not pass the B&DPCL ground assessment which allowed Brockhampton to remain in the 1st Division.
Lee Thomason finish 6th in the Second Division averages with an average of 43.5 and a total of 739 runs and a highest score of 116 not out.  Tom Eustace finished the season with an average of 35.0 and a total of 525 runs and a highest score of 80.  Dinushka Nawarathnage, our overseas player from Sri Lanka, scored 521 runs with an average of 34.7 and a top score of 117 runs.  He was also the Club’s leading wicket taker with 36 wickets from 221 overs at an average of 36.9 and with a best performance of 5 for 14 runs.
Jack Smith finished in joint 14 place in the fielding award with 10 catches and 1 run out.
The Newsletter
The production by Roy Hopwood of the Royals Newsletter was terminated by an unknown authority after the “End of 2018 Season’s Edition”
Defibrillator
Since the tragic death due to a heart attack of Andy Biddle while playing cricket last summer the Club have acquired a defibrillator which is available to all in the Rectory Park and is affixed to the outside of the Club’s pavilion.
Annual Dinner – 2019
The Club's Annual Dinner was held on Friday the 2nd February 2019 at the Moor Hall Golf Club and was attended by about 100 members and their guests.
The proceedings were well compered by our President, James Ross and after an excellent dinner the £200 'stand-up-bingo' prize, hosted by Mark Hoath was won by Reg Brassington for the 2nd time in 3 years
Jim Hobbis, the retiring treasurer after 4 years in office was awarded the “Clubman of the Year Award”.  Henry Roper receiving the “Carol Hansford Award” and the “Terry Matthews Award” going to Felix Haines.  The “Junior Player of the Year was presented to Jacob Squire-Wood.
A new trophy “10 Not Out” which was initially awarded to Peter Bell at the 2017 dinner, but was not subsequently awarded at the 2018 dinner.  However, at this year’s dinner it had been mounted into a handmade Oak Stand by Phil Sunderland, (The father of our senior barmaid, Hannah) commissioned by Peter Bell and presented posthumously and jointly to Roger Coombs and Andy Biddle.  Both being long serving members of the Club who both sadly passed away last season.
The formal event was an interview between Paul Greetham, Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club & Warwickshire C.C.C’s Development Manager and the recently retired former England and Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club’s wicket keeper and the new Repton School Sports Director and England selector, Chris Read.
Grace before dinner was said by Michael Dean, who captained the 1st team during the 1990’s
SUTTON COLDFIELD CRICKET CLUB DINNER
The Good Ship England did set sail
With little thought that they would fail
A settled team and backroom staff
Lose a test to the Windies? You’re having a laugh
For warm up, a fun match was all that they had
It’s really little wonder that they batted so bad
Holder got runs and the game, it was done
The World Cup and Ashes, can they be won?
Our speaker this evening, he hails from the west
With gloves on his hands, he was one of the best
Catches and stumpings and run outs he made
For Gloucester, Nottingham and England he played
And Ian is our comic, he’ll have stories and jokes
But be careful, our audience is not all just blokes
There’s juniors and ladies who’ve come for the night
And anything risqué will give them a fright
At the dinner this year, we’ll miss friends who’re not here
They’ll be looking down, smiling whilst we’re having a beer
There’s Roger and Andy, known as ‘Bids’ by us all.
A foundation established so his memory stays tall
So we mourn their loss and we share our stories
So many to tell of their cricketing glories.
Lord, we thank you, for good food, good wine and lively chat
And keep us playing with a nice straight bat.
Amen
The evening was concluded by a comedian, Ian Irving, from Essex.  A coloured gentleman, standing well over 6 feet tall, who entertain us royally, in particular when he referred to member & their guest as “You all look the same to me”.
2019 Playing Season
The 2019 season got off to a bad start with our 1st team having great difficulty in getting their strongest side out, and then into June the weather was atrocious with many games being cancelled and we had a group of travelers (Gypsies) arriving for a short stay in our car park so we had a lock down while the park management and police moved them on, although it would have been too wet for any cricket to be played.  During that weekend our Ground Chairman, Mike Hepburn was rushed into the Good Hope Hospital, under surveillance with a possible septic arthritis to a knee that he had surgery recently.  The President James Ross took over the responsibilities for the ground, which included driving the tractor. James sent out the following report as the Club’s acting groundsman.
The President, James Ross
Learning to drive the tractor & cut the outfield
“I said yesterday that I would go off piste (jokingly).  My intention being I would cut into every last corner and slightly beyond being as you know I’m a stickler for attention to detail.
I arrived this morning to be told by Jolly John (Howard)who had read the email not with a good morning but a not to go off piste.  Off to training by Colin (Greetham) and blow me down the tractor would not start.  A dead battery, I’m sure Heppers (Mike Hepburn) had organised that so he could not be usurped.  So, I went to Halfords on Tyburn Road for a replacement.  An hour and a half later after coaching I was about to set sail when a chap who had been talking to Lee Thomason on the square approached me and said do you remember who I am?  I said yes, you’re Ian Nuttall (A fast bowler in the 1970’s- 80’s) and we had a great catch up.  He sends his best to you, Neil (Houghton) and Belly (Peter Bell) whilst ruminating about those no more.  Colin by now getting frustrated wanting to get me away.
Conversation over I was off and covered every corner of both grounds, some of it twice for 2.5 hours.  Incredibly therapeutic and off piste.
I wore Audrey’s prescribed headgear for the occasion, i.e., hoodie because of the flying detritus from the mowers.  Unfortunately driving at pace, it kept blowing off.  Net result hopefully after a good shower most of the flying dog shit has been removed from the back of my head and inside my ears. I think next time out I need Biggles goggles and Guy Gibson headgear.
Amusingly getting into a state of the art of power steered of my Mercedes driving down the drive my steering wasn’t great. Bouncing all over the place!
Looking forward to doing it again on Friday.  First cut of the gardens tomorrow since fall.  Gosh they have grown. Mundane after today.
James (Club President)
2019 Season Results
Lee Thomason finished the season in 5th place in the overall batting in the WCL’s 17 divisions with a total of 854 runs and an average of 53.4 with 3 hundreds and 7 half centuries.  These results placed Lee as runner in the Premier Division.
Also in the Premier averages was Jack Smith in 8th position with a total of 494 runs at an average of 41.2 and with two 50’s, just beating Dinuska Nawarathnage in 9th place with 473 runs and an average of 31.5 with 5 half centuries and a top score of 76 runs.
The best Sutton’s players partnership in the Premier Division were Tom Eustace and Dinuska with 95 runs finishing in 5th place.
The leading Sutton bowler was Dinuska finishing with 42 wickets at a cost of 10.07 per wicket, with his best figures of 7 for 44 runs away against Streetly.  In the same game Lee scored his 106 and Dinuska scored 31 runs in their joint partnership of 77 runs
The 2nd Xl left it to the last game of the season by beating Streetly in avoiding relegation. Nasar Ali was their leading run getter in the season with a total of 269 and an average of 17.9 and a top score of 75 runs.  In second place was Rahim Khalil with 238 and an average of 21.6 and his highest score was 63.
Martin Ball was the leading bowler for the 2nd Xl with 23 wickets at an average of 15.3 and his best figures were 4 for 18, and in the runners up position was David Hansford, who had returned to play for the club after a few years in the Royal Air Force, with 17 wickets and averaged 19.4 runs per wicket with his best figures were 4 for 22 runs.
In this division, Mark Appleby finished 3rd in the leagues records of total run scored with 352 and an average of 39.1 runs and a top score of 63 not out, followed by Aditya Singh in 6th place with a total of 300 runs with an average of 25 and his highest score was 84.
It is worth recording that Mohammed Khalil scored a total of 217 runs with an average of 43.4 and recorded a 74 not out in their drawn match against Thimblemill 2nd in Rectory Park.
It is worth recording that the 4th Xl won 6 of their league games plus 2 winning draws and
one drawn game, losing 4 and had 4 games abandoned and 2 games were conceded due the
lack of players of players but they finished a creditable 5 in the league table.
There were a number of players who played less than 5 games who showed their ability with
the bat, Will Thomas with 54 not out against Neither Whitacre, and in the following week in
the reverse fixture Tom Hurley made 51 not out. Sam Hay made 56 not out against Aston
Unity and against Walmley, Adeel Sajjid made 100 in their one wicket victory.  In the teams
away win over Solihull Blossomfield the side passed the 300-run milestone, scoring 309 for
9 wickets in their 45 allotted overs and bowled the home side out for 153 runs in 30 overs,
chalking up a 156-run victory with Martin Sprawson being top scorer with 58 runs and 3
other players passing the 40 mark.
In the bowling department Hemant Patel took 5 for 20 runs against Coleshill in 6.3 overs to
give the Sutton side a 38-run win.
Aaron Thomason
Sussex sign all-rounder Aaron Thomason, following his release by mutual consent from Warwickshire made his first-class debut with the red ball on Monday 17 June for his new county in their away game against Worcestershire at Kidderminster.  Flooding at the New Road ground following very heavy rain required Worcestershire to move the fixture to the Chester Road ground in Kidderminster.
“The Association of Cricket Statisticians confirmed that Aaron sored the 3rd highest score batting at number 10 on first-class debut as follows: 98 SN Hare Essex v Derbyshire at Leyton, 192196 ZJ Chappell Leicestershire v Derbyshire at Derby, 201590 AD Thomason Sussex v Worcestershire at Kidderminster, 2019”
Ex Junior Member of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club - Tom Banton.
Tom Banton, a product from the SCCC Junior membership, now aged 20-year, was called up to England's Twenty20 squad for the tour of New Zealand following a breakthrough summer at Taunton, will represent the Heat in their first eight games.
Banton was named PCA Young Player of the Year last week after hitting 533 runs in the County Championship, 454 in the Royal London One-Day Cup and 549 in the Vitality Blast.
Tom Banton, Ben Stokes and Sophie Ecclestone picked up the premier prizes at the 50th PCA Awards and Tom told the Heat's official website: "If you had asked me at the start of the summer would I imagine it going like this, I would have probably had a laugh and suggested you weren't serious”.  Now Somerset’s wicketkeeper-batsman Tom Banton will play for Brisbane Heat during the upcoming Big Bash League campaign.  Tom has also been named in England's T20 squad for their upcoming tour of New Zealand.
Tom Banton's sensational summer has earned him an England call-up and selection for The Hundred with Welsh Fire. Ahead of the live draft, we spoke exclusively to the Somerset star.
The 20-year-old was one of the emerging talents from the 2019 season - scoring 549 runs in the Vitality Blast at an average of 42.23 and a stunning strike-rate of 161.43.
He also scored a pivotal half-century in Somerset's Royal London One-Day Cup triumph at Lord's in May and is now reaping the rewards for his prodigious performances.
Nasser Hussain – ex England Captain and now a sports pundit with “Sky Sports” who said of Tom Banton “He has "huge" potential and England must keep on picking him.
Tom was blown away when it was announced last week that AB de Villiers, the South African Test Cricketer was coming to join the Heat, so what was already going to be a huge experience just got bigger”.  “I'm really looking forward to coming to Brisbane and seeing what Queensland has to offer after previously playing club cricket in Perth when I was younger”.  “I've watched a fair bit of the BBL at home and it is a quality competition with so many outstanding players. I can't wait to be. - honest!”
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
Annual General Meeting
Held on Tuesday 15th October 2019 at 7.30pm
Apologies: Rob Haines, Jim Hobbis, Tracey Lawrence (TR), Matt Appleby, Stuart Russell (STR), Paul Heron, Andy Neal, Tim Cave, Simon Matthews
Attendees: James Ross (JR), Steve Russell (SR), Roy Hopwood (REH), John Howard (JH), Colin Greetham (CG) Dave Hands, Nick Baker (NB), Peter Bell, Mike Hepburn, Tom Finn, Graham Clark (CLG), Lee Thomason (LT), Jack Smith (JAS), Harry Williams-Lucas, Neil Houghton (NH), John Robinson, Michael Mackey, Geoff Gray, Naser Ali, Tom Eustace.
Before the commencement of the meeting JR stated that, as Matt Appleby is unable to attend, there will be no presentation (Item 14).
Approval of 2018 Minutes
These were approved. Proposed by Nick Baker and Seconded by Jack Smith
Matters arising from the previous AGM minutes
There were no outstanding matters.
Chairman’s Report
Looking back at senior cricket in 2019, it is fair to say the season has been disappointing. With the re-structure of the Birmingham League both 1sts and 2nds found themselves in the Warwickshire League. We began the season hopeful that the 1’s would compete at the top end of the table. However, difficulties with availability and several key players struggling for form meant we spent most of the season in the bottom half finishing eventually 8th. For the 2’s the season was worse. Losing their first 6 Win/Lose/Draw games would mean that even a spirited performance in the second half of the season could not prevent relegation. The 3’s & 4’s performed admirably given major problems at times with availability with the 3’s finishing 3rd and the 4’s 5th in their respective leagues. We will investigate with the league the possibility of the 3’s moving up a league with the reshuffle that will follow several teams dropping out of the league.
John will, I am sure, have his thoughts about the season, but it appears to me that 2 factors had a major impact and are both in need of addressing by the new committee. The first of these I have mentioned previously, and this is availability. This proved a constant headache to the selection committee. Cricket takes up much of a players Saturday and Sunday and the reality is players have many other calls on their time and a wide range of other attractions on which to spend time and money. Cricket needs to look at its offer as the sport is being challenged at all levels. Its long period now off terrestrial television has undoubtedly had an effect in lowering its place it in the public consciousness. As a club we may have to accept that the days when players played every Saturday and Sunday are a thing of the past. Neil Houghton told me earlier in the season that when he was captain one season, he only used 14 players. I suspect our captains can only dream of such selection consistency.
This then brings me to my second factor and that is depth of skills within the club. Lack of availability has revealed the unreadiness of many players to make the step up to the team above. At the beginning of the season, we sought to bring in a coach to work with the senior teams but were unsuccessful in our search. Coaching and planning clear player development pathways are a crucial issue I believe for the next committee and in particular looking to utilise the investment the club has made in supporting qualification of our own coaches. Matt will cover this more in his presentation. We are not a club who wants or is able to bring in paid players so growing the skills of our own is crucial. In addition to skills, I believe better game management is required. I watched too many games lost at 2nd XI in particular by either a naïve approach to run chases – too many early wickets lost in an anxiety to score runs and/or not knowing when to stop chasing and take the draw points on offer.
A further challenge for the club is the issue of Sunday cricket where again we have forfeited too many games. I question the future of league cricket on a Sunday and maybe approaches such as the Bash/100 will indeed be the way this goes.
Having focused on a rather negative view of senior cricket, junior cricket at SCCC continues to flourish and my congratulations to all involved in another successful season. I attended the junior presentation in July, and it was great to see so many young players and their parents in attendance. We continue to see young players working their way into our senior teams with players such as Felix Haines and Ollie Nimmo both having the opportunity to play at 1st XI level which is fantastic. Keeping these talented players and others involved and providing them with a clear pathway into the senior teams is I believe the big focus over the next few years.
Last year, I talked about the need for the club to pay attention to its offer to existing and prospective members as we play cricket in a very competitive area of the county with clubs such as Walmley, Streetly and Saints all able to offer potential players a good level of cricket. Each of those clubs is looking at its offer with Walmley in particular looking at and changing the structure of the club, to be a Sports Club rather than just a cricket club. As a committee we agreed that it was important that we too took some time out to look critically at what type of a club we want to be moving forward and how we might remain an attractive proposition to those looking to play cricket here. To that end, in March we commissioned Matt Appleby to undertake a Strategic Review of the club. Matt brings extensive experience as a Sports Consultant to this task and has over the summer devoted many hours to this, interviewing people from across the club and conducting a member’s survey which had an excellent response. Matt presented his findings to the Committee at the beginning of the month and will do the same at the end of this meeting. The Committee were largely supportive of his recommendations but as Dave Hands commented “the devil is in the detail” and this will require an increased involvement of people from across the club if we are to successfully take these ideas forward. I would encourage people to listen to Matts proposals with an open mind as they reflect the view across the club and where possible volunteer to get involved.
A few people put a lot of work into keeping this club going and providing a great place to play cricket. We need more people to get involved. This is not necessarily involvement in the general committee but playing a part in helping identify potential sponsors, helping on specific events etc. I would particularly like to see more players involved in the club not just turning up to play – more give and less take. Don’t just leave it to the few!
Finally, as some of you know I have decided to step down as Chairman. Being Chairman for the last 3 years has been a great honour and something I never thought would be possible when I joined the club 17 years ago. I believe that the club requires fresh energy and leadership to address the challenges ahead and I believe Nick Baker will provide that having done an excellent job with the junior section. Having held both the roles of Chair and Treasurer over the last year, I have volunteered to continue in the Treasurer role, and I am pleased that I have been nominated & seconded. I look forward to continuing to support the club on its future journey. Can I thank all members of the committee for their support during my 3 years and I look forward to supporting Nick.
JR thanked SR for all his hard work and dedication over the past years as Chairman.
Secretary’s Report
One of the most important aspects of our Club is that we are all volunteers and, as Secretary, I’ve once again been able to work with both Senior and Junior sections and seen the hard work and commitment put in by Team Managers/Captains, Coaches, grounds staff, parents and, of course ‘volunteers’ who do so much to help the functioning of the Club.
Administration and ‘paperwork’ are usually regarded as a nuisance and ‘something that has to be done’ but it necessary and, indeed essential, for the functioning of the Club. The new membership forms that were introduced this year have, despite being very detailed, been well received. However, a new, briefer and simplified junior renewal membership form will be introduced at the start of the new season and we will be looking into making all other membership forms in a similar format. I must stress upon everyone the importance of completing the necessary form in order to be a registered member of the Club and also to ensure that up-to-date contact details are held so that all communications are received and in order to comply with the General Data Protection Register.
Communications within the Club to members and to external agencies have improved from last year, but could still be better, we will endeavour to improve them by establishing new procedures. The introduction of a weekly Newsletter providing items such as team results/fixtures and forthcoming events, coupled with dedicated WhatsApp groups has helped enormously in providing everyone with up-to-date information and has allowed them to take an active part in what’s going on within the Club. As the Club is your Club, so too is the Newsletter your Newsletter and your views are a valuable contribution to it. The website is undergoing an update and will be refreshed over the coming week ready for the start of the new season.
The Senior Management Committee has been meeting in order to organise the running of our senior and junior teams and to undertake administrative work, including financial and secretarial matters as well the day to day running and maintenance of the pitches and the Clubhouse. I would like to thank everyone involved for their hard work. I would like to thank Steve for the hard work and commitment he’s put in as Chairman of the Club and for continuing to support the Club by remaining in the role of Treasurer. I’d like to extend a warm welcome to Nick Baker, who from tonight, takes on the role of Chairman and also to Rob Haines as Chair of the Junior Section.  I look forward to supporting them both not just as Secretary but as a member of the Club.
Yet another playing season is over. However, the work behind the scenes continues and from tonight a new Senior Management Committee will be elected bringing new, fresh ideas to the Club. In particular the Committee will continue to work on the proposals formulated through Matt’s Strategic Review and to take any decisions made to the Membership in order to successfully move the Club forward. It’s unfortunate that Matt was not able to attend tonight to present his presentation, but I’m sure the Chairman and Committee will make it available to all as soon as possible.
I know this has been said many times, but a Club like ours really does rely heavily on the goodwill of those who support us - the players, parents, volunteers, team managers and coaches, all of whom undertake many tasks to maintain the Club and its infrastructure. To them I say “Thank you for all your hard work, commitment and for being member of our Club.
Treasurer’s Report
We have had a solid year financially. As you can see from the report, we budgeted for a small surplus of £1300 but have ended up with a surplus of £3355. This has been through a combination of increased income and good cost management.
Income
Major items for comment;
Subscriptions – In senior cricket we have with a lot of effort on the part of captains, John Howard and Stuart Russell ensured that all memberships were paid and match subs collected. It is still a real effort to collect annual subscriptions despite giving players various payment options and this is an approach we need to keep under review
Senior Match Fees are slightly down but there were at least 2 4th XI games where we had to forfeit and the same on Sundays.
Junior – whilst down on an ambitious budget the figure is up £1400 from last year
Donations and Sponsorship are both up though we are slightly down on the fixture card. Sponsorship is a key issue for us moving forward. Lanes have been an excellent supporter, but we cannot rely only on them moving forward. I know Matt will pick this up later.
Gift Aid – this is less than expected but we believe this may have been due to a mistake in our claim
Miscellaneous Income: The main items are reported in the report. Most notable were a £1000 rebate from the GPC and 2 ECB Grants obtained by Mike Hepburn. These are offset on the Expenses side (Ground Equipment & Cooker/Barbecue)
Expenditure
A number of items are below budget including Teas where we had budgeted for an external provider who pulled out. We were able to replace her and manage costs in this area. Thanks to John Howard.
Coaching costs – paid out less than we anticipated. This is however likely to be an area of significant increase next year given our determination to improve senior coaching provision.
Player Payment – often a contentious area but largely off-set by Sponsorships. Slightly above budget as we made an additional payment to Dinushka to allow him to change his flights as we did not need him for the play-offs
Ground Equipment – this includes payment to Mike Hepburn offset by £1000 from ECB
Ground Labour – 3 areas – Lee Thomason (£3,410); Phil Oliver (£3,498); Glendale (£1,100). Will need to look closely at this next season as Lee is stepping down from Groundsman and we may need to employ someone at an increased cost.
Miscellaneous Expenditure – This includes nearly £2,000 as cost for the dinner. The Barbecue & Cooker cost were offset by an ECB Grant & GPC Donation.
Looking ahead, we have a number of potential cost items next year that require us to focus on sources of income beyond Subscriptions and Donations. A focus is required on attracting new sponsors and where we can access Grants. We will incur probably higher Ground Labour costs and Coaching costs. It is important that those social members who joined this year, re-join and that the cricket committee and captains ensure all memberships and subs are collected
GC – Have Lanes agreed to continue with their sponsorship? JH – In contact with about this. SR – we really do need more sponsors.
NH – Was there a surplus on the Annual Dinner? SR – Yes, about £1,000.00p
Welfare Officer’s Report
This has been my first year of being Welfare Officer, so I have undergone training at Edgbaston in safeguarding and related issues. I have undertaken DBS initiation and verification duties for the club through ECB. A major issue this season has been ensuring all relevant staff are DBS checked...next season this will be pursued more vigorously before the season begins. All staff working with juniors have been directed to the ECB Safe hands website to familiarise themselves with ECB policies and procedures. There have been a couple of minor issues this season which have been resolved without difficulty. I have attended Friday night junior training and will continue to do so next season if I am re-elected.
JR – Thanked Tracey for taking on this role and for the hard work involved in getting it up and running.
Cricket Chairman’s Report
In one word, frustrating. The club as a whole has underachieved but suffered mostly at the hands of several playing members whose inconsistent availability affected and reflected in our ability to produce consistent results throughout the teams for a large part of the season. Due to availability in the first few weeks, we had to field weakened teams but also forfeit the first two 4th XI games which didn’t start the season well for us as a whole.
The 1st XI finished 8th but with some notable wins along the way. Having had a slow start they produced a spell during the middle of the season which took them well into the top half of the league only to fall away at the end, mainly due to lack of availability where at present we don’t have strength in depth.
Lee, Dinushka and Jack all performed well with the bat along with Jacob who played a few
mature and patient innings which helped provide the platform for good scores which we lacked in the early part of the season.
Dinny was good with the ball and in general bowled well, but both Jack’s, Reidy and Smith did well, along with Clarky, and Harry showed much potential when given the opportunity.
I thank Lee for his time as captain but with the emergence of Jack at the helm our fortunes seemed to change. It’s good to see some of the younger element perform well, i.e. Jacob and Harry and also debut performances from Olly behind the stumps, Felix and Tom Hurley at the end of the season, which bodes well for the future.
John Griffiths continues to want to support the 1sts with coaching when available and the improved turnout at nets seemed to help the senior teams both with attitude and performances.
Although the 2nd XI was relegated at the end of the season, their efforts in the second half give encouragement for next year. Nasser led by example and tried his heart out. We badly lack players who are prepared to work hard and consistently fail to score sufficient runs for themselves and for the team. When reasonable scores were achieved then the team had some success and can hopefully learn from their mistakes in the first half of the year. We must try and get them a coach and/or mentor who can work with them on match days and
Ensure they adhere to the disciplines that will achieve success.
We have a very good and varied bowling attack with a fair amount of experience. Martin Ball was fairly consistent, and Felix Haines showed his promise along with Nasser and Stuart and Dave Hansford when available showed he had good pace.
Sadly, to say, no top-order batsmen achieved 300 runs and that shows our problem. Everyone appreciates Naser’s commitment to the side and there are noticeable performances by some juniors who have been given their opportunity. We can only support Nasser as much as we can and hopefully selection headaches and form will improve next year
The 3rd XI has had a reasonably good season and finished third in the league. Again, reduced availability and batting disciplines have caused the team to suffer a potential promotion. Availability better as the 2nd half of the season went on But, the consistency in the play, particularly the batting is the main issue. Matt continues to work hard with the team in trying to get them focused. There are now one or two players from this team who are or will be challenging in higher teams very soon.
Again coaching, but also attendance at nets, needs to improve if we are to move this side up the leagues.  Juniors again are beginning to prosper in this side and will hopefully challenge in the coming seasons.
4th XI continued to be on the up and have given some good results in some high scoring games. The season started badly as I’ve already mentioned but when availability became better then performances started to come as well. 5th position was a most creditable position to finish considering the difficult start.
Whether it be Dave Hands, or Ian Hay, or Hemant in charge of the team they seem to have got the right spirit mixed with a good combination of youth and experience. Dave continues to persevere with his team and has done a fantastic job in getting sides out each and every week and just a few more points would’ve seen them finish in the top four. If you took away the penalty points and added just one bonus point from those two missed games half also. The first two matches of the season saw us lose 10 points where we may have picked up some points and that has hampered our position.
The Sunday side have had a mixed season finishing 6th in the league.
Dinny continues to support the team and scored a record 200* in one of the games.
Henry, Harry and Jacob then help make the core of the team with the rest
A very mixed side which gives opportunities to more junior members playing against senior opposition which put them in good stead for the future
To reiterate my comments are as of the last few months. We are now in a position where we really need to decide NOW where we go as a club. With the effort being put in, with more people contributing, but still needs to improve more as how we work as a unit, we ought to want to play at the highest level possible. Certainly, stay in the Warks Prem at least. Going forward that means we need to attract some new blood to the squads in general as well as to continue to fast track our own juniors and not waiting until the start of winter nets. We’ve actually started this at present with John Griffiths at Edgbaston doing an 8-week course with some of the juniors who we believe will play senior cricket next year.
At the end of the day, we agree and can all say we want better coaching etc. but we have to be realistic in that unless we look at bringing in more investment through sponsors our goals will be difficult to achieve.
JR thanked JH for his hard work in this capacity and for staying on in an acting capacity. Also, thanks to LT who will be standing down a Groundsman.
Junior Chairman’s Report
(Awaiting report)
Grounds Chairman’s Report
Following on from Saturday’s working party site screens have been put away, covers wrapped up etc.  The squares have had treatment, have been scarified, low spikes and seeded. There are areas which need further work. The squares will require cutting shortly.
Over the winter the mowers will require servicing together with the tractor and roller.
The nets will require further cleansing, brushing and netting repairs will be required.
Over the past number of years Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club have been extremely fortunate to be able to utilise the services of South African Dan and Lee Thomason. Times of course change as we are now at that junction. For those who turn up, attend and play on a Saturday much work is carried out during the week, unseen, and carried out at different times depending on the weather for example, in anticipating bad weather covers are put on. Watering during the week, cutting the squares, sometimes certainly twice a week. Marking pitches out for not only weekend games but midweek games and after junior games. Who is going to do all of this? The answer to that question is definitely not straight forward.
The outfield has been cut by a Company called Glendale accepted not brilliant, but the alternatives are very limited. There should be projects for the future. A complete re-vamp of the nets, the all-weather wicket on the lower ground is showing signs of distress. There should be a review of the utilisation of pitches so that more wickets are used certainly on the top ground and it is to be noted that only four adult wickets were used for the lower ground during the 2019 season.  There needs to be more flexibility and more junior games played on the top ground. There needs to be in my opinion a complete review of the utilisation of the facilities that we have and a review to cover the management arrangements of the ground completely.  We need to advertise for a groundsman.
By the end of October there will be the normal period of quietness where there is not very much that actually can be done to the ground.  As and when spiking the outfield, general repairs bit and bobs.
Once we come to February, we start all over again. How and that is the management’s predicament.  I would like to thank Jamie and Tiger for all their work this summer.  Colin for his advice and assistance. We need more volunteers.  It would be lovely to have more volunteers so that a system could be organised so that on a Friday for example there was a larger group with tasks allocated.  It will be lovely to see on Saturdays the pitches being marked out by members not players, a roller being available if required.  I see this at other clubs and do not really understand why we do not do this.
I mentioned at the start of this report that further work is required to be carried out on the squares particularly the top square where there are bare patches. This additional work will be carried out by the end of October.
Membership Secretary’s Report
In the absence of STR this was given by SR.
It has been a reasonably good season. I fully endorse what REH stated about members completing forms. This is an essential aspect of Club membership in order not for registration requirements, but for data protection as required under the General Data Protection Register as members approval is required and it’s one of our biggest headaches. However, the ‘plus-point’ is that Social Membership has brought in addition revenue, but we still need to attract more members.
JR thanked Stuart for undertaking this role.
CG – Delighted that there has been an increase in coaching staff, but there is still a need to develop coaching.
NB – We have been looking into this matter and have identified three one of our coaches for training to Level 3. This will be expensive but will also be an investment to the Club. What is needed is a Director of Cricket. We once had Steve Perryman, and this was certainly an investment.
Welfare Officer’s Report
As TR was unable to attend her report was read out by REH.
Role and limitations and boundaries. Tracey stated that these must be confined to members who are aged 18 and under and this was agreed by the Committee. Unfortunately, the role cannot be extended to include adult members.
It was agreed that the Club had a collective responsibility toward adult members who have fallen ill or suffered a mishap, but this was not in the Welfare Officer’s remit. Roy, as Secretary, will be the point of contact for notification of such events.
Election of Officers
These were elected ‘in block’. Proposed by Neil Houghton and Seconded by Dave Hands.
John Howard will be staying as Cricket Chairman in an acting capacity
NB – Thanked SR for his hard work and commitment as Chairman. Under no allusion as to how much work is involved and the workload will have to be shared. There are many more members with whom we have to engage. Matt’s review shows that the Club has the potential to move forward and this will be made available.
We must make clear our objectives and make sure we develop this on our heritage. Any outstanding financial matters need to be cleared up as soon as possible and we need to identify volunteers. The short-term management of the Club needs to be taken up and, with an open mind, we may be able to drive some good change within the Club.
Any Other Business
JAS – How many Sunday League marches did not go ahead? JH – Four – two came from us. However, we need to take this forward.
SR – Had made a verbal commitment to the League last year.
JAS – The 20/20 League could prove a bonus as more people might join. Perhaps doing something on the lines of Matt’s survey.
LT – Has contacts from other clubs and can easily form a 20/20 League and, perhaps, make it a fundraising event.
NB – Will Dinny be coming back next year and, if so, will he be doing grounds work? JH – He will be returning for the 2020 season but will not be undertaking any form of grounds work.
JR – With Matt’s review in mind we should celebrate our successes and it’s important for the records. Aaron Thomason batted at number 10 and scored 90. This is the highest score for a batsman at the number 10 position. Also, Tom Banton has been named Professional Cricketer’s Young Player of the Year.
JR Thanked everyone for attending the meeting.
Chapter XlX – 2020 - 2021
The Annual Dinner
The Dinner was held at Moor Hall Golf Club on Friday 7th February 2020 and was attended by around 100 Members, Friends and Guests and the function included the junior awards: -
Junior player of the year - went to Harry Williams- Lucas;
The Terry Matthews trophy- went to Tom Hurley:
The Carol Handsford award went to Luke Bishop
“The 10 - Not Out” trophy now mounted of an Oak Plinth, by Peter Bell was awarded to Mike Hepburn for outstanding services to the club, as an ex-1st team captain and Ground Chairman for over 10 years.
SUTTON COLDFIELD CRICKET CLUB
Grace by Michael Dixon
Lovers of cricket are we all gathered here, Looking back on what was a momentous year World Cup, Ashes and South Africa too, So much to fit into my grace here to you.
The first was the World Cup, could England prevail? No Hales at the top, a small test did he fail The group games were mixed, we finished just third, But in the semi, Edgbaston gave the Aussies 'the bird'
Then to Lords' the best game that there's been If you're a Kiwi, can't believe what you've seen Stokes and Buttler together got us chargin' Super over, and a win by the barest of margin.
The Ashes were next and the boys were all tired, Smith and Warner turned up as they hadn't been fired. Ben was the star, for England that is, The power and the glory that Sunday was his.
All this from a ban just two years ago, He picked himself up from what was such a low His batting and bowling and catches make us think We'd have definitely struggled if he'd gone to the clink!
The urn it was shared, though they keep it down under, Their bowling was great, all pace and some thunder, But England fought back and never did yield And oh how we laughed at Nathan Lyon's misfield!
To Africa finally to end off the year, Members from Sutton were there to give them a cheer, This year of all years shows that cricket's our love, We give thanks to those cricketing gods from above.
And to tonight, gathered here at Moor Hall To members and guests, we say welcome to all Jim is our speaker, a Bear through and through With Ian, our comic with some jokes for us too.
So have a good night with the best club in Sutton When it comes to a dinner we hit the right button.
Lord, we thank you, for good food, good wine and lively chat And keep us playing with a nice straight bat.
The Warwickshire County Cricket Club Head Coach, Jim Trouton, was interview by Paul Greetham which gave the audience a very good incite in how the County Club is looking to the future with a young very talent side but the loss of Ian Bell due to an injury through most of the 2019 season effect the Club’s performance. The return of comedian and Head Rat, Ian Richards was very entertaining and he had his usual dig at members of the club, including the Sutton Club Historian, when Ian expressed his concern when shaking his hand “That it was warmer than he had expected”. All good light-hearted fun and he gave everyone the opportunity for a good laugh.
Cricket 2020 with Covid-19
After a most successful Annual Cricket Club Dinner, we were all very optimistic and positive about the forthcoming cricket season. This was quickly dashed when Covid-19 arrived in the UK; A pneumonia of unknown cause, coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus. It was first identified in December 2019 in Wuhan, China, and has since spread globally, resulting in an ongoing pandemic and as of 15 May 2020, more than 4.53 million cases have been reported across 188 countries and territories, resulting in more than 307,000 deaths.
More than 1.63 million people have recovered. Common symptoms include fever,  cough, fatigue, shortness of breath, and loss of smell and taste. While the majority of cases result in mild symptoms, some progress to acute respiratory distress syndrome, multi-organ failure, septic shock, and blood clots. The time from exposure to onset of symptoms is typically around five days but may range from two to fourteen days. The virus is primarily spread between people during close contact, most often via small droplets produced by coughing, sneezing, and talking. The droplets usually fall to the ground or onto surfaces rather than travelling through air over long distances. Less commonly, people may become infected by touching a contaminated surface and then touching their face. It is most contagious during the first three days after the onset of symptoms, although spread is possible before symptoms appear, and from people who do not show symptoms.
In early March 2020 the UK Government issued instructions and advice that included preventive measures which include frequent hand washing, maintaining physical distance from others, quarantine covering coughs, and keeping unwashed hands away from the face. In addition, the use of a face covering is recommended for those who suspect they may have the virus.
The Government also issued a stay-at-home policy to protect our NHS and save lives and agreed to pay 80% of all wages for those who laid off, with a request for all to work from home where possible. The advice was work from home, stay at home as much as possible, limit contact with other people, keep your distance if you go out keep 2-metres apart where possible.
Neither our Cricket Committee or the Ground Committee have been idle nor has our President who has been working on behalf of the club with both “Pen & Paint Brush”. No, it’s not a local pub. He wrote to all Life members and Vice Presidents advising on the precarious position we were in, with no cricket being played and no indication from the Government or the ECB of any relaxing in the restrictions or when cricket might be played, the bar and pavilion is in lockdown and no subscriptions coming in, we still have to pay our bills. The President explained, in a very well-constructed letter our situation, that we are eating into our reserves, and his intervention generated over £3,500 in donations.
He also informed them that the traditional fixture card for 2020 season is not being printed. The President also sent a personal letter of thanks to all those that made a financial contribution, via the postal service, expressing the Club’s appreciation of their generous response.
Notwithstanding that, he has managed to spend over some 30 hours painting the fence panels that run between the top ground score box and the edge of the coppice between the two grounds. However, within days of the President completing the painting strong winds in early May broke a big branch off an overhanging tree that broke the fence close to the score-box, so President had to remove the heavy branch, repair the fence and repaint the affected area.
The new fence
Our Chairman, Nick Baker, sent out a detailed circular letter to all members, initially sending condolences on behalf of the Club-to-club members who have lost family members to the virus and the impact the Covid-19 pandemic has had on us all.
He informed us that the Club’s Committee has held several video meetings to discuss how we manage the club and budget in light of a vastly reduced season. As a club, we still have to maintain the pitches and cover our ongoing fixed costs.
He thanked our, President James Ross, for his efforts in securing much valued donations. He went on to refer to the fact that Dave Hands has submitted an application to Sport England for a grant and have received a £7,000 grant. He also reported that the GPC (the Cricket and Hockey Clubs) had secured a £10,000 grant under the Small Businesses and Hospitality Group which will help with the pavilion - clubhouse overheads as we have no income being generated through the bar.
All Club’s committees are keeping a close eye on how restrictions may be eased, but we are guided by the ECB and Government advice as to when and how we can proceed. Until that point, we are trying to ensure the club and its playing facilities are ready to go. If any members are able to any support or ideas then please come forward.
Tragic Deaths
John Howard, The Pavilion Manager and Players Chairman sent his and the Club’s sincere condolence to one of our younger 3rd - 2nd team players, Ben Dunnington, whose Father Keith Dunnington, who worked at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Tyne and Wear but died on the 19th April. Sadly, and tragically both Ben’s Grandparents, Lillian age 81 and Maurice aged 85 died within days of each other in May, just two weeks after their son Keith, all from Covid-19. Their deaths were wildly publicised in the National News and National Papers, with nurses, firefighters and well-wishers lined the streets of their home town.
End of Season 2020 Results.
Warwickshire Cricket League 2020 Season
Premier West
P
Win
Tie
Loss
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
MOSELEY ASHFIELD 1STS
10
7
0
2
1
5
6
0
155
STREETLY 1STS
10
7
0
3
0
6
8
0
154
SOLIHULL MUNICIPAL 1STS
10
4
0
6
0
16
20
0
116
WALMLEY 1STS
10
4
0
6
0
12
14
0
106
SUTTON COLDFIELD 1STS
10
4
0
6
0
11
10
0
101
ATTOCK 1STS
10
3
0
6
1
15
8
0
87
North West Group C
P
Win
Tie
Loss
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
BRIDGE TRUST OB 1STS
10
10
0
0
0
0
0
0
200
STREETLY 2NDS
10
6
0
4
0
7
12
0
139
SUTTON COLDFIELD 2NDS
10
6
0
4
0
4
7
0
131
FOUR OAKS SAINTS 2NDS
10
5
0
5
0
10
16
0
126
WISHAW 2NDS
10
2
0
8
0
16
21
0
77
WALMLEY 3RDS
10
1
0
9
0
14
24
0
58
North Wark Group E
Win
LD
P
24
20
TD
WD
4
2
L
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
FOUR OAKS SAINTS 3rds
10
7
2
0
0
0
0
1
0
2
1
0
211
SUTTON COLDFIELD 3rds
10
3
3
0
0
0
0
3
1
2
10
0
148
BRIDGE TRUST OB 2NDS
10
4
0
0
0
0
0
6
0
17
13
0
126
WALMLEY 4THS
10
3
0
0
1
0
1
5
0
12
20
0
116
CASTLE BROM 2NDS
10
1
1
0
2
0
0
6
0
15
10
0
89
WATER ORTON 3RDS
10
0
2
0
0
2
0
5
1
4
16
0
72
NORTH  WEST GROUP E
Win
LD
P
24
20
TD
WD
4
2
L
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
STREETLY 3RDS
10
6
0
0
2
0
0
2
0
14
13
0
191
NETHER WHITACRE 3rds
10
3
1
0
1
1
0
3
1
18
13
0
141
FOUR OAKS SAINTS 4ths
10
2
2
0
1
1
1
3
0
13
13
0
130
WALMLEY 5THS
10
3
1
0
0
1
0
4
1
3
11
0
114
SUTTON COLDFIELD 4ths
10
1
2
0
1
0
2
4
0
16
19
0
113
ASTON UNITY 3RDS
10
1
1
0
1
0
0
7
0
13
20
0
87
Highest Partnership by Players in Premier West
Runs
Opponents
Venue
Amir Shabir / Lee Thomason (Sutton Coldfield)
177
vs. Attock
at Attock
Asim Khan / Danyal Khan (Attock)
142
vs. Moseley Ashfield
at Moseley Ashfield
Arsalaan Mahmood / Usama Khan (Attock)
117
vs. Streetly
at Streetly
Jordan Hoffman / Callum Herron (Walmley)
114
vs. Sutton Coldfield
at Sutton Coldfield
Sachin Dubb / Jonathan Newis (Walmley)
94
vs. Moseley Ashfield
at Moseley Ashfield
Lee Thomason / Raul Ram (Sutton Coldfield)
85
vs. Solihull Municipal
at Solihull Municipal
Lee Thomason / Tom Hurley (Sutton Coldfield)
63
vs. Walmley
at Walmley
SUNDAY 1st TEAM 2020
ARDEN SUNDAY CRICKET LEAGUE
DIVISION 2
POS
TEAM
P
w
l
c
a
lcn
wcn
T
BatP
BowlP
Pen
Pts
1
Wellesbourne CC
7
5
2
0
0
0
0
0
23
30
0
103
2
Sutton Coldfield CC
7
5
1
0
1
0
0
0
24
21
0
99
3
Weoley Hill CC
7
5
1
0
1
0
0
0
18
25
0
97
4
Fillongley CC
7
3
3
0
1
0
0
0
27
18
0
79
5
Nether Whitacre CC
7
3
4
0
0
0
0
0
23
16
0
69
6
Solihull Municipal CC
7
2
4
0
1
0
0
0
22
17
0
63
7
Kenilworth Wardens CC
7
1
5
0
1
0
0
0
23
19
0
56
8
Attock CC, Warwicks
7
1
5
0
1
0
0
0
19
17
0
50
p - played,  w - Won (10), l - Lost (0), c - Cancelled (4), a - Abandoned (4), lcn - Team Conceded (-6), wcn - Opposition Conceded (20), t - Tied (5), BatP - Batting Bonus Points, BowlP - Bowling Bonus Points, Pen - Penalty Points, Pts – Points
Batting Averages
Pos
PLAYER
GAMES PLAYED
INNS
NOT OUTS
RUNS
HIGH SCORE
AVG
50s
100s
STRIKE RATE
1
Lee Thomason
12
12
5
707
115
101.0
4
3
98.06
2
Adeel Sajjid
9
9
2
378
101
54.0
3
1
88.57
3
Oliver Gray-Nimmo
12
10
3
275
59*
39.3
2
0
-
4
Fraser Plowman
14
14
1
273
57
21.0
1
0
44.63
5
Amir Shabir
8
8
0
270
142
33.8
0
1
102.66
6
Liam Carroll
9
9
1
266
72*
33.3
2
0
133.33
7
Elliot Needle
9
9
0
266
72
29.6
2
0
65.38
8
Nathan Lawrence
8
8
0
192
64
24.0
1
0
0
9
Jamie Reindl
12
11
1
184
61*
18.4
2
0
54.55
10
Jacob Squire-Wood
12
12
2
174
59
17.4
1
0
51.82
Bowling Averages
PLAYER
O
M
Runs
W
Best Figures
5 Wick  Haul
Economy Rate
Strike Rate
Average
1
Nasar Ali
76
18
196
21
5-0
1
2.58
21.71
9.33
2
Luke Bishop
70
7
307
20
4-14.
0
4.39
21
15.35
3
Harry Williams-Lucas
94
3
511
20
3-37.
0
5.44
28.2
25.55
4
George Dyche
94.4
7
478
18
3-22.
0
5.05
31.56
26.56
5
Felix Haines
95.4
15
370
16
5-6.
1
3.87
35.88
23.13
6
Tom Hurley
51.1
2
252
15
4-31.
0
4.93
20.47
16.8
7
Thomas Finn
47.1
8
158
14
4-28.
0
3.35
20.21
11.29
8
Jack Ballinger
58
7
233
14
5-35.
1
4.02
24.86
16.64
9
Jack Hurrell-Woodward
53
10
183
13
5-21.
1
3.45
24.46
14.08
10
Martin Ball
47.2
5
170
11
3-16.
0
3.59
25.82
15.45
Fielding Record
Pos
PLAYER
Wicket Keeping Catches
Stumpings
Total Wicket Keeping Wickets
Fielding Catches
Run Outs
Total Fielding Wickets
Total Catches
Total Victims
1
Oliver Gray-Nimmo
12
1
13
0
3
3
12
16
2
Parth Patel
8
0
8
1
2
3
9
11
3
Lee Thomason
4
4
8
1
0
1
5
9
4
George Dyche
0
0
0
6
2
8
6
8
5
Adeel Sajjid
0
0
0
4
1
5
4
5
6
Ben Dunnington
0
0
0
5
0
5
5
5
7
Isaac Mackey
1
4
5
0
0
0
1
5
8
Rishab Mohan
0
0
0
5
0
5
5
5
9
Jack Ballinger
0
0
0
4
0
4
4
4
10
Tom Hurley
0
0
0
3
1
4
3
4
Late Autumn 2020 - Working Party
Saturday 28th November 20. A very wet morning for some 40 members participating in a working party, removing the tonnes of leaves from both grounds before the winter set in. The age of the helpful members ranged between 8 to 66 years of age and when it was all done home-made cakes were available. The President & Chairman quoted “it was a great effort”.
Before
The last Leaves being Collected
It was a Great Effort and a Job Well Done!
2021
A New Variant COVID-19 Virus & Lockdown.
Our Prime Minister, Boris Johnson announced a national lockdown and instructed people to stay at home to control the virus, protect the NHS and save lives from Monday 4th January 2021. The decision follows a rapid rise in infections, hospital admissions and case rates across the country, and our hospitals are now under more pressure than they have been at any other point throughout the pandemic. This drastic jump in cases has been attributed to the new variant of COVID-19, which our scientists have now confirmed is between 50 and 70 per cent more transmissible.
On 4 January, there were 26,626 Covid-19 patients in hospital in England, an increase of over 30% in one week, and the April 2020 hospital admissions peak has now been surpassed by 40%.  The case rate in England up to 29 December was 478.5 per 100k, three times higher than on 1 December when the case rate was 151.3.  On 3 Jan, 454 deaths were reported, with 4,228 over the last 7 days – a 24% increase on the previous 7 days.
The four UK Chief Medical Officers have advised that the COVID threat level should move from level four to level five, indicating that if action is not taken NHS capacity may be overwhelmed within 21 days.
The Annual Dinner 2021 -- Cancelled
The new year has usually kicked off with the annual dinner but this year’s event dinner in January or February 21 was not contemplated due to the Covid-19 Pandemic. A lockdown came into force immediately after Christmas 2020 and is to last until the 29th March 21 at the earliest, before any relaxation in Government’s restrictions is contemplated. There is serious concern, as the virus has nutated to a more contagious strain. This is believed that is the first time that the Club’s Annual Dinner has been cancelled since the early period of the Second World War, in 1940 & 41
Two Air Ambulance fly into Rectory Park on to a snow carpeted ground
I believe this is the first occasion that two Air Ambulances have flown into Rectory Park together. Talking to the photographer, Peter Westbrook, Chairman of Sutton Coldfield Hockey Club, who was walking his dog, Bailey, was unable to say if they were delivering patients to Good Hope Hospital, some 100 meters away or collecting patients for transfer into other hospitals on Monday 25th January 2021
Paul Heron leaves the Midlands
Paul Heron, a well-respected member, who has been involved in organizing the Club’s annual dinner for a number of years has left the Midland to set up home in Otley, Yorkshire, so as to be in close proximity of both his son and daughter, who both now reside in that area. Paul also organized the Club’s fixture card and has also run the Club’s 200 Club Monthly Draw for many years still managed to conduct the January 21 draw via Zoom, with our President, James Ross.
Zoom Meetings
Zoom is the new method of communication with visual contact between the Club and its membership, and in fact our last AGM was conducted under this procedure, as public meetings are banned, because of the virus.
Pre-Season Working Parties
Ever hopeful that we will be playing cricket this summer working parties were well supported on Saturdays the 21st, 28th March, 3rd & 10th April 21, with some 40 plus members answering the Chairman, Nick Baker’ call for working parties.
Top Ground
Relaying the Bowlers Run-Ups to the Nets
Top Ground
Mowing the Square
Sight Screen Maintenance
Removing Leaves & Repairing a Sight Screen
Lower Ground
Brushing the Square
Lower Ground Pavilion
Painting the Pavilion
The Ground Secretary, Mike Hepburn had highlighted particular tasks that needed attention from the membership, including the following tasks: -
Pressure washing, to remove material from the pathway in front of the pavilion;
Removing the dead grass in the bowlers run up to the nets, filling the hollow and level up the surface;
Cleaning the sight screens;
Paint the outside of the lower ground pavilion;
Cutting the squares;
Removing the leaves from the area in front of the score box;
Plus, a thoughtful members took the opportunity to plant some late summer flowering bulbs and sow some wild flower seeds.
The Ground is Ready for Cricket in 2021
The view from the Gateway Entrance
A view from the Sycamore Tree
Friday Evening - Junior Cricket - 7th May 2021
Great evening at SCCC last night. Forty-nine 5-year-olds having their first taste of cricket. Also, 9s and 11s on their normal Friday night training - coaching.
All the parents in attendance tested for Covid-19 by House Manager, John Howard with his usually cordial hospitality skills. The ground looked superb, after considerable work on the ground during most Fridays by the Golden Oldies, with hoes and mowers of the enclosure area and the sowing of cornflower and poppy seeds to add to the Lilly of the Valley seeds planted earlier in the spring.
Parents in a warm evening, enjoying a social drink watching their offspring first entry into cricket.
No Fixture Card in 2020
Due to Covid-19 no fixture card was ever produced for the 2020 season as there was no advice on when the season would have started and then in June 20 a limited Saturday fixture was organized by the Warwickshire Cricket League. Similar, this season 2021, with lockdown preventing the selling of advertising space and the uncertainty of what cricket would be played a simple, fit in your pocket folding A4 card was produced for Saturday fixture, as shown above.
20 All Out
This was one of the lowest scores, if not the lowest, by any visiting side to Rectory Park, on Saturday 29th May 21 when the Old Edwardians 2nd Xl were bowled out by the Club’s 2nd team in 15 overs and 1 ball. This was due to a fine performance by Martin Ball taking 7 wickets in 8 overs for 11 runs. Sutton scored the winning run off 15 balls without loss in a match that lasted less than 2 hours.
The 2021 Fixture Card
FIXTURE CARD - 2021 SEASON
On the Sundays in 2021 the Club only had one side playing league cricket in the Arden Sunday Cricket League and was placed in Division 2 with nine other clubs, it would be a percentage league, as there was no certainty that teams would achieve a complete home and away competition.
An interesting selection of clubs, some were well known to us while others, I have no record of the Club ever having a match on a 1st team basis before. The Clubs in the Division 2 are, Attock, Barnt Green, Fillongley, Kenilworth Wardens, Knowle Village, Nether Whitacre, Solihull Municiple, Wellesbourne, Weoley Hill,
Blank Sunday fixtures occurred when there was no ASCL appointed game, so members were invited to play in, was referred to a Sunday Smash game. the first such game was against Handsworth at 2:00pm on Sunday 13th June 2021. If members were interested in having a game, (including anyone who was unable to have one on Saturday 12th June), would you please contact Simon Matthews, son of Terry.
Climate Changes
There has been concern for a number of years about the Climate Change due mainly to the increases in Carbon Dioxide because of mankind, raising a long-term shift in the planet's weather patterns and average temperatures.
This year, 2021, a number of worldwide conferences have started to show the effects we can expect, including the UK with higher summer ground temperatures and more flash floods. There may be no connection between this statement and our July evening sunsets.
However, climate change is the long-term shift in average weather patterns across the world. Since the mid-1800s, humans have contributed to the release of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases, such as methane into the air. This causes global temperatures to rise, resulting in long-term changes to the climate.
How are humans changing the climate?
In the 11,000 years before the Industrial Revolution, the average temperature across the world was stable at around 14°C. The Industrial Revolution began in the mid-1800s when humans began to burn fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and gas for fuel.
Burning fossil fuels produces energy, but also releases greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous monoxide into the air. Over time, large quantities of these gases have built up in the atmosphere. For example, the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere rose by 40% during the 20th and 21st century and is now over 400ppm (parts per million). This level of carbon dioxide is higher than at any time in the past 800,000 years.
The global temperature changes -1850 to 2018, compared to 1961-1990 averages
From the 1st July 2021, Birmingham City Council have introduced a charge for old vehicles entering the City Centre, but the commencement date was put back 2 weeks as the computer monitoring program was not ready.
The Clean Air Zone, which is inside the inner ring road, timing and charges will operate 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. £8-a-day charge for cars, taxis, busses, lorries and vans and a £50 a day charge for lorries and buses.
All drivers need to input their car registration number into the system to see if they are exempt from any charges.
Sunset at Rectory Park
9.30 pm 1st June 21.  Sunset after a Vets game of Cricket
Another Sunset at Rectory Park
7th June 21.  Sunset after an Evening Vets game of Cricket
The Silver Salver at Lord’s
With Covid-19 now of serious concern and no activity in sport or social life for a considerable time scale of over 12 months, I looked back on early days of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club outstanding history. I noted, that I had not received any response concerning my meeting at Lords in 2007 with Glenys Williams, the MCC archivist, regarding the Silver Salver, referred to on page 8 of the Club’s history. I wrote a Neil Robinson at Lords on the 5th November 2020 concerning the Silver Salver’s history held by Lord’s but I did not receive a reply, the reason being that 95% of the staff were on indefinite furlough, due to Covid-19.
In May 2021 I received a telephone call from Robert Curphey, MCC Archivist & Library Manager regarding my letter of November, advising me what inscription was on the cataloguing record, as follows: -
“In grateful memory of long services and tried friendship this token of esteem is presented to the Rev. W.K.R. Bedford Rector of Sutton Coldfield and sometime secretary of the Free Foresters by his most attached friends & affectionate brethren of the club
March 1863”.
Robert stated that he had read a copy of our Booklet “149 Years of Cricket at Rectory Park” and agreed that it did not give a true picture of the Rev. W. K. Riland Bedford and that he would rewrite the caption to the Salver.
Further to our exchange of e-mails, I agreed that Robert’s proposed rewrite the wording of the information to the MCC’s cataloguing record, and when the item goes on display again, the MCC can include this as part of the caption. – please see below:
In grateful memory of long services and tried friendship this token of esteem is presented to the Rev. W.K. Riland Bedford, Rector of Sutton Coldfield and Founder and President (1847-1892) of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club in 1847 and Founder in 1856 of the Free Foresters and sometimes Secretary, by his most attached friends & affectionate brethren of the club, March 1863.
Robert was duly thanked by me on behalf of the Club, for his understanding of a need to correct the original wording on the caption held at Lord’s. - Peter
Royal Sutton Coldfield Chronicle
The 3rd addition of the new newspaper covering the towns activities, something, we all have missed since both the Sutton Coldfield News and the Observer papers closed down. We hope the Chronicle will allow sporting activities to be reported in its weekly circulation. As the following article indicates that they will.
Presidents Day
Saturday 3rd July 2021 – Our visitors were from Stratford upon Avon 1st Xl
Our President, James Ross, made speech of welcome to his guests during the change of innings and announced a number of awards and citations. First creating a new Life Membership to Michael B. Mackey for his long and active service of 21 years, as player, cricket coach and an active supporter.
Vice Presidents were awarded to Nicholas A. Baker; Martin M.I. Ball; Simon T.J. Berry; Graham M.D. Clark; Mark D. Guest; James R. Little; Simon J. Matthews; Stephen G. Russell; Warwick N. Tidy.
I can’t let the event go past without formerly saying “Thank You” for such an excellent day, and for the presentation you made to me, Neil and Tiger of the Charles Sales book “The Covers are Off” including a personal note from Charles. It was very kind of you and most considerate as we all enjoying what goes on behind the seen. The lunch was very appetizing and an inspiration on “How do I feed guest keeping within the Covid-19 restrictions - regulations”. You even took control for the sunshine.
In the first half of the 2021 season, we only had 3 wins and we were languishing close to the bottom of the Warwickshire County Cricket League, Premier Division whereas Stratford were top an expecting a healthy win. Winning the toss, they invited Sutton to bat first, scoring a modest total of 215 runs all out in the 46 over of a 50 over game with Lee Thomason scored 84 and Tom Eustace 46. Stratford made a disastrous start, losing both openers for 16 runs but worst was to follow with two quick run outs by majestic and athletic fielding, first from Jack Reidy and then by Jacob Squire-Wood quickly followed by a catch behind the stumps by Lee and the visitors were 57 runs with their top five batsmen back in the pavilion. Our young off spinner, Harry Williams-Lucas was introduced into the attack and in his one ball short of 8 over had removed four batsmen for 33 runs with the aid of two class stumpings by Lee, for Sutton to round off a perfect day by bowling the visitors out for 162 and a win by 53 runs. Sutton acquiring 20 points with Stratford receiving a consolation 5 points.
Every Sunday morning, I tend to go through the WCCL results. This time I went deeper in the statistics. Lee Thomason is top of the Premier batting averages with 495 runs this season. However, he has scored 12,553 runs in the WCCL at an average of 42.27, with 24 hundreds, at an average of 4 per season. I also note that the 3rd Xl are top of their division at the half way stage.
Sutton 1st Team Conceding 310 runs to Coventry & NW
On one of the hottest days this year, Saturday 17th July 2021, with temperatures in the high twenties, Coventry & NW won the toss and elected to bat first at Rectory Park against our 1st team in a Warwickshire County Cricket League Premier Division 50 overs match.
The Coventry side made a good start scoring 100 runs in the 16th over for the loss of 3 wickets, but with only the loss of two further wickets they had reached 200 runs in the 38th over and then losing their 6th wicket with the score at 220. The Sutton team believed they would remove the lower order batsmen quickly, but they had not anticipated Ankit Kaushik furious attack, in particular on Raul Ram, who concede 30 runs in the 50th over, with 4, 6, 4, 6, 6, 4 boundary hits.
Looking back into the Club’s distinguished historical, I can’t find any reference to a first team match when we have conceded over 300 runs to the visitors at Rectory Park. Although the 1st Team did score 411 for 2 wickets in a B&DPCL 50 over cup competition at Harborne on the 8th July 2017 scored 411 runs for 2 wickets against Harborne, which is referred to in 2017 records.
I can’t find any past record, where a Sutton bowler, in any team, has ever concede 30 runs in an over. The only reference is a 3rd team game against Studley at Rectory Park on the Lower Ground on Saturday 5th August 2006 where Mark Bell was the batsman who was involved in 30 runs being scored in an over against the bowling of a Mr. Bray, although it did involve the wicket keeper. The score book recording the over as; 4, 6, 6, 6, dot, 4. With the dot being 4 byes past the wicket keeper.   The score card of Suttons’ batting is shown earlier in the 2006’s history.
Junior Awards 2021 Season
The annual awards to the junior members of the Club was held on Friday 20th August in the Pavilion which was well attended by Parents and senior members.
Batting Award 2021
Bowling Award 2021 -
Under 11s - Morgan Atherton
Under 11s - Ben Dawson
Under 12s - Nirek Jaglan
Under 12s - Freddy Montgomery
Under 13s - Ewan Hay
Under 13s - Harry Matthews
Congratulations to all the recipients
1st Team Warwickshire Premier League Table for 2021 Season
Points Available
P
24
Win
20
Win
TD
WD
4
2
LD
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
Ave
Stratford
21
3
9
0
3
0
0
4
2
19
21
0
330
15.714
Walmley
22
4
9
0
1
1
0
3
4
9
22
0
337
15.318
Coventry &NW
22
3
8
1
1
0
0
6
3
15
18
0
297
13.500
Mosely Ashfield
22
5
5
0
2
1
0
6
3
15
25
4
292
13.273
Attock
22
2
6
1
1
0
0
8
4
30
20
0
254
11.545
Rugby
21
2
6
0
2
0
1
7
3
17
23
0
242
11.524
Bablake
22
2
5
0
2
0
1
9
3
11
40
0
233
10.591
Solihull Municipal
22
0
6
0
2
2
3
5
4
26
28
0
224
10.182
Bedworth
22
1
5
1
1
1
2
7
4
24
26
0
218
9.909
Sutton Coldfield
22
1
5
1
0
1
0
10
4
33
31
2
216
9.818
Streetly
22
1
5
0
1
1
0
10
4
29
33
0
216
9.818
Barby
22
0
0
0
0
0
2
18
2
20
48
0
80
3.636
Penalties                 Points       Date Reason
Bablake019/06/2021 - No captains report on umpires
Moseley Ashfield005/06/2021 - No captains report on umpires
Moseley Ashfield231/07/2021 - Missing Captains report 2nd instance
Moseley Ashfield221/08/2021 - missing captains report 3rd instance
Sutton Coldfield *005/06/2021 - No captains report on umpires
Sutton Coldfield *224/07/2021 - Missing Captain Report 2nd instance
*An administration Error
WCC Premier League Batting Analysis
Batted
Not Out
Runs
Average
Highest Score
50’s
100’s
Lee Thomason
3rd
16
4
761
63.42
104*
6
1
Tom Eustace
13th
15
3
513
42.75
112
3
1
Jack Smith
17th
17
5
435
36.25
84*
3
0
Rall Ram
36th
14
5
351
39.00
78*
3
0
WCC Premier League Bowling Analysis
Position
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
Average
Best
Five Wickets
Jacob Squire-Wood
22nd
141
26
513
25
20.52
5 for 56
1
Harry Williams-Lucas
43rd
83
7
387
16
24.19
4 for 33
0
Jack Smith
46th
88
13
378
16
23.63
4 for 32
0
Lee Thomason was the only Sutton Coldfield Batsman to appear in the WCC All Leagues’ fifty batting averages, finishing in 9th position and 3rd in the Premier batting averages. In the last 3-seasons Lee has made 54 appearances for the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club in the Premier league as shown below.
Season
Played
Batted
Not Out
Runs
Average
Highest Score
50’s
100’s
Balls Received
4’s
6’s
2021
18
16
4
761
63.42
104*
6
1
1000
72
15
2020
10
10
3
558
79.71
115
2
3
636
69
16
2019
21
20
4
854
53.38
115*
7
3
1190
110
9
WCC Division 5 League Batting Analysis for the SCCC 2nd Team
Batted
Not Out
Runs
Average
Highest Score
50’s
Oliver Gray-Nimmo
10th
14
5
378
42.00
68
2
Anil Kumar
20th
10
3
327
46.71
82
2
Spencer Gray-Nimmo
23rd
12
3
307
34.11
52
1
Farhan Choudry
28th
14
1
293
22.54
59
1
WCC Division 5 League 2nd Xl Bowling Analysis
Position
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
Average
Best
Five Wickets
Nasar Ali
12th
129.3
17
474
26
18.23
5 for 54
1
Thomas Finn
14th
85
9
372
24
15.50
5 for 11
1
Martin Ball
33rd
97.5
11
323
19
17.00
7 for 11
1
Fazl Ur Rahman
36th
94.4
17
253
18
14.06
3 for 29
0
George Dyche
43rd
112.0
21
418
15
27.87
4 for 17
0
Nadeem Ahmad
48th
59.5
11
220
15
14.67
5 for 29
1
3rd Xl Warwickshire in 8 North West Division League for 2021 Season
Points Available
P
24
Win
20
Win
TD
WD
4
2
LD
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
Ave
Sutton Coldfield 3rd
18
6
5
0
2
1
0
2
2
10
16
0
302
16.778
Aston Unity 2nd
18
4
2
0
4
0
1
4
3
24
22
0
236
13.111
Ward End Unity 2nd
18
3
5
0
1
1
0
4
4
18
14
0
234
13.000
Marston Green 2nd
16
6
1
0
0
1
0
6
2
17
14
0
207
12.938
Castle Brom 2nd
16
3
2
0
3
0
1
4
3
14
25
0
195
12.188
Thimblemill 2nd
17
4
1
0
2
2
1
4
3
28
18
0
204
12.000
Four oaks Saints
17
2
3
0
2
1
2
3
4
18
16
0
186
10.941
Walmley 4th
18
2
3
0
0
1
2
6
4
8
20
0
160
8.889
Wishaw 3rd
18
1
0
0
1
1
1
10
4
17
26
0
99
5.500
Bridge Trust OB 2nd
18
2
0
0
1
0
0
12
3
25
20
75
40
2.222
Penalties                 Points       Date Reason
Bridge Trust OB 2nd
75
19/06/2021 - discipline issue
Sutton Coldfield 3rds
0
12/06/2021 - warning late submission of result
WCC Division 8th North West League Batting Analysis for the SCCC 3rd Team
Position
Batted
Not Out
Runs
Average
Highest Score
50’s
100’s
Isaac Mackey
2nd
11
9
389
194.50
129*
1
1
Regan Beamish
5th
11
3
370
46.25
120
1
1
WCC Division 8th North West League 3rd Xl Bowling Analysis
Position
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
Average
Best
Five Wickets
Dom Lee
3rd
77.5
10
269
19
14.16
4 for 27
Luke Bishop
6th
70.2
8
268
17
15.76
5 for 17
1
4th Xl Warwickshire North West 9th Division League Table for 2021
Points Available
P
24 Win
20
Win
TD
WD
4
2
LD
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
Ave
Hansworth 3rd
18
5
6
0
0
0
0
5
2
5
18
2
271
15.056
Coleshill 2nd
18
7
0
0
2
1
0
5
3
22
15
0
241
13.389
Sutton Coldfield 4th
18
4
4
0
1
0
1
4
4
15
21
0
240
13.333
Streetly 3rd
18
3
3
0
2
1
0
4
5
18
22
0
216
12.000
Nether Whitacre
18
4
4
0
0
0
0
6
4
7
11
0
210
11.667
Four Oaks Saints 4th
18
4
3
0
0
1
1
4
5
9
13
0
204
11.333
Walmley 5th
18
5
0
0
3
0
0
8
2
15
25
0
198
11.000
Smethwick 4th
18
4
1
0
1
1
0
8
3
16
18
0
176
9.778
Water Orton 3rd
18
2
3
0
0
2
1
7
3
8
15
24
129
7.167
Aston Unity 3rd
18
1
0
0
1
0
1
12
3
7
22
20
57
3.167
WCC Division 9th North West League Batting Analysis for the SCCC 4th Team
Position
Batted
Not Out
Runs
Average
Highest Score
50’s
100’s
Ian Hay
11th
8
3
194
38.8
54*
1
Will Thomas
19th
9
0
170
18.89
50
1
WCC Division 9th North West League 4th Xl Bowling Analysis
Position
Overs
Maidens
Runs
Wickets
Average
Best
Five Wickets
Shahrukh Atif
8
62.2
0
221
18
12.28
4 for 10
Rohit Chopra
10
44.0
6
136
14
9.71
4 for 20
Arden Sunday Cricket League Division 2 – 2021 Season
Pos
TEAM
P
w
l
a
lcn
wcn
t
BatP
BowlP
Pen
Pts
AVE+
1
Attock
14
11
1
1
0
1
0
47
53
0
234
16.71
2
Sutton Coldfield
14
6
3
3
0
2
0
26
40
0
178
12.71
3
Barnt Green
14
5
3
6
0
0
0
36
37
0
147
10.5
4
Nether Whitacre
14
5
6
2
1
0
0
34
42
0
128
9.14
5
Kenilworth Wardens
13
4
5
4
0
0
0
30
32
0
118
9.08
6
Weoley Hill
14
5
6
3
0
0
0
29
36
0
127
9.07
7
Solihull Municipal
14
3
8
3
0
0
0
27
42
0
111
7.93
8
Knowle Village
13
3
7
3
0
0
0
28
31
0
101
7.77
9
Wellesbourne
13
5
3
4
1
0
0
24
33
16
101
7.77
10
Fillongley
11
0
5
3
2
1
0
7
13
0
40
3.64
Attock & Sutton Coldfield CC’s promoted into Division 1 for the 2022 season
Wellesbourne & Fillongley CC’s relegated into Division 3 for the 2022 season
A Star for the future
SUTTON COLDFIELD'S
SHAILAN SRIKANTHAN
PLAYS AT LORDS
Shailan played at Lords for MCC Schools vs the England Schools Cricket Association on Tuesday 7th September 21.
Fielding first the MCCC bowled out ESCA for 253, with Shailan bowling 7 overs, 1 maiden 1 wicket for 30 runs. Shailan also took a catch in the field.
Unfortunately, he didn't get to bat in the middle as MCC chased the total in 48 overs.
A fantastic opportunity fully taken by Shailan, seen here, looking out over the Lord’s Ground from the dressing room balcony. Congratulations Shailan.
Highlights of the 2021 Season
This has to be the last match of the season with the 1st team needing a win over the league leader and our local rivals, Walmley. They brought a very large number of their supporters but the Sutton club were far too good for them winning by 42 runs. It also prevented Walmley, who needed to win the WCC Premier League and so qualify for the B&DPCL Four County Round Robin playoff, with the top 2 teams gaining entry next season into Division 2 of the B&DPCL. Also, the win meant, the Club avoided being relegated out of WCC Premier League with Streetly losing on run rate and going out of the Premier League.
The second Xl had a satisfactory season finishing in among a number of clubs in mid-table. They did have an outstanding performance by Martin Ball who took 7 Wickets in conceding 11 Runs in a spell of 8 Overs against Old Edwardians 2nd who were bowled out for a total of 20 runs in 15.1 overs. Sutton in their reply score 21 runs without loss in 2.3 overs.
Congratulation also goes to the 3rd Xl, who won the North West 8th Division league handsomely by 66 points.
The 4th team were unfortunate in missing out on promotion by 1 point, finishing a very creatable third in the North West 9th Division
5 to 8 years old Presentation Event
Friday 20th August 2021 is the last Friday practice evening for 5–8-year-olds.
The session starts as normal at 5.30pm with the last twenty minutes of the evening being devoted to presentations to the players of their end of season certificates and celebrations.
The bar will be open for parents and guardians and a BBQ will be fired up, according to
Andy Neal.
2021 Christmas Raffle Winners
The draw has been made and the winners will be advised but the results are as follows, however, - Thank you to everyone that purchased tickets, we have generated over £450 for the Cricket Club.
Iris Walsh won the Family Membership to SCCC for 2022 Season worth £100.Will Burford won the Four Ball at Moor Hall Golf Club.
Kamran Fazal won a Grey Nicholls Cricket Bat signed by England's Sir Alistair Cook.
Timothy Birch won a Bottle of Champagne.Nicholas Birch won a £20 Bar Credit at the clubhouse Rectory Park.
Malcolm Handy won a High-Quality Rug.Anuraag Guha won a Wheelbarrow.Will the winners please collect their prize if they have not done so.
End of Season Awards & Curry Evening
Around 70 members, including friends & relation sat down to an excellent curry, the service was a little slow but it was worth waiting for.
The Chairman, Nick Baker, commenced a short address by thanking our sponsors, in particular Lane, referring to the continual rise in the running cost that the Club has to bear, but it was essential to provide good ground – playing facilities. He went on to congratulate the gardening club for maintain the gardens area around the pavilion, and also, the Bar chairman, John Howard for maintaining bar services throughout the season, despite constantly having to amend the bar service procedures in line with Government’s Covid-19 changes in legislations. Nick went on to say that the Club membership was 453 which included players, parents and supporters, and that during the season we had field 6 sides on a Saturdays and 2 on Sundays; thanking the coaches and captains for their efforts, with particular reference to junior coaches who were handling various age groups between Under-9 to Under-17, with a reference to a number of young players who played for the County.
Awards, were presented by each captain, with a £25 voucher for spending over the bar, starting with the 4th team. It was interesting to hear that, captain Ian Hay, said he was from time to time overloaded with available players, confirming the Chairman’s comments earlier in the proceedings, with the 3rd team captain expressing a similar good mix of players available at team selections.
The 2nd team captain referred to his side being a candidate for relegation at the half way point in the season but gelled as a team, winning 4 out of their last 5 games. He concluded with a comment about George Dyche, as a youngster of great promise. The 1st team captain, referred to the last game of the season against Walmley, with particular reference to the outstanding bowling performances of Jacob and young Felix.
To record a win over Walmley, preventing them going forward to the B&DPL play off and at the same time getting Streetly relegated was considered by many members as a “Double Whammy”
Batting AwardBowling Award
4th Team Will ThomasShahrukh Atif
3rd TeamIsaac MackeyDon Lee
2nd Team Oliver Gray-Nimmo Nasar Ali
1st Team Tom Eustace Jacob Squire-Wood
The Sunday Team Joyce DyceFarhan Choudry
The Chairman closed the evening with a few comments regarding the 2022 season, the Clubs 175 year, inviting any member with any particular idea how we should celebrate our long history as one of the oldest Clubs in the Midlands and in the Country. Also, the Sunday Smash and a new 100-ball format cricket next season.
The evening finished with our President, James Ross, presenting Martin Ball a certificate recognizing his new status as a Vice President in the Club.
The SCCC VETS 2021 SEASON
Back Row L to R: - Dave Hands. Ade Cotton, Gary Camp, Paul Wright, Dave Steggles, J. Crawshaw;
Front Row L to R: - James Little, Ian Hay, Simon Matthews, captain; , Nick Baker, JP Shanahan;
Arden Sunday Cricket League Division 2 – 2021 Season
L to R, Back Row: - Will Burford; Shailan Srikanthan; Jacob Squire-Wood (capt); Elliot Needle; Spencer Gray-Nimmo; John Howard ( umpire); Front Row: - Ollie Gray-Nimmo; George Dyche; Farhan Choudhry; Ollie Atkins; Spike Whitehouse; Umair  Choudhry;
Annual General Meeting looking forward to the 2022 Season
The AGM was held on the 21st October 2021 at 7.30pm in the Club’s pavilion which was attended by 19 members and the chairman, Nick Baker Via videoconference with 3 apologies.
Chairman Reported that the 2020/2021 seasons started with the continued uncertainty surrounding cricket due to the ongoing Covid pandemic and with the country sill in lockdown much of our winter activities were cancelled. This had a knock-on effect on the club’s financial position. Using the paid site Pitchero, we were able to update the website and manage membership, facilitate contactless payments, split membership costs over a period of time, collect match fees and contact the membership base through push emails as well as news on the site.  This reduced cash handling with members to pay on a monthly basis. No overseas player was employing in the 2021 season. In addition to Lanes who continue to support the club as headline sponsors, we were also able to offer sponsorship packages to Saracen Fire and Protections, Little Owls Tuition, SheCo, Tamworth Steel, Harts Furniture, Stokes Chrome, SSH Construction, Veerus and Chosen Estate Agents. Life members playing members and former players also gave good financial support.
Mike Hepburn and his team of volunteers got the grounds into working condition – painting of the picket fence, preparing nets for use, mowing and tending to the area outside of the club and the club’s gardeners Jamie Ross, John Robinson, Peter Bell and Neil Houghton, made sure the pavilion surrounding area was an enjoy to see. The Astro footprint of the nets was increased in the length.
Lee Thomason and Phil Oliver to ensure both grounds were in great condition and were able to support the increased volume of cricket played this year. In particular the increased number of age group county matches supported and the high standard of our grounds was a credit to the grounds team.
It was agreed to adjust the membership fees back to 2019 levels but to maintain to a flat household sum. At the season started, we saw a massive increase in both junior and senior membership.
268 Players – both junior and senior
58 Supporters
131 parents.
The club entered teams into all leagues and competitions available – 1st, 2nd,3rd and 4th Saturday teams, with a Saturday 5ths and 6ths playing on 2 weekends, Sunday 1st XI plus Sunday 100 ball team and a Vets team. In addition to junior teams from U10-U17 and Friday night All Stars…. players representing Sutton Coldfield from 9 through to 58 years old.
Thank to Zoe Mathews as Welfare Officer. Thankfully no incidents required Zoe’s involvement.
Thanks to Andy Neal who put in a tremendous amount of work to ensure the junior teams ran smoothly.
Thanks to the junior coaches and team captains who supported their players.
A special thanks to Jacob Squire-Wood, who secured his coaching award and using the Andy Biddle Foundation grant to secure a job at BVGS. Jacob also coached and help support Mark Turnam and England Blind Cricketer who has been using our nets to get back into form after the enforced Covid break. We will continue to support Mark in 2022 with access to facilities and coaches in his preparation for international cricket.
Due to Covid Restrictions in 2020 would continue in 2021– no teas, no use of changing rooms and stoppages in game were undertaken and managed well by captains, coaches and players. Many thanks to all involved in managing these protocols.
1ST Xl Team Captain’s Reports from Jack Smith.
On the last day of the season, we beat top of the league Walmley preventing them winning the league and more importantly maintaining our Premier League status by the finest of margins.
Lee Thomason amassed 761 runs, an average of 64 (6 X 50, 1 X 100) finishing 17 runs shy of the league’s leading scorer despite several fewer innings & not batting in either game vs bottom of the table Barby.
Tom Eustace had a great season, scoring 513, an average of 43 including 112 from 113 balls vs Walmley.
Raul Ram (in what may turn out to be his last season for the club due to relocating) also had a really strong season in the middle order scoring 351 runs at an average of 39, scoring 3 x 50s.
Jacob Squire-Wood led our attack superbly with 25 wickets at an average of 20, bowling fantastically all season with a best return of 5-56 vs Streetly. Jacob also spearheaded the final day win vs Walmley with a remarkable opening spell of 12 overs for 13 runs with 1 wicket.
Amaan Farooq was excellent at first change with 20 wickets at 22 with a best return of 6-55 against Attock.
Special mentions must also go to Felix Haines who opened the bowling for the majority of the season and has performed excellently culminating in a magnificent opening spell against Walmley, bowling 5 overs for 11 runs and removing Walmley’s 2 key top order batsman (Batters).
Shailan Srikanthan was a real find for the club this season, joining us from Walmley and has settled in brilliantly, bowling with great control. Shailan even managed to represent MCC Schools at Lords in September – a remarkable achievement.
Both Felix & Shailan have been selected for the Warwickshire EPP during this winter. We really hope that these two can go on and be mainstays for the side for many years to come.
Awards    Batting:  Tom Eustace 513 runs with an average of 43.0
Bowling: Jacob Squire Wood 25 wickets with an average of 20.0.
Second XI Captain Report from Nas Ali
Played 20, Won 9, Drawn 1, Lost 10.
After a poor start to the season the team in the second half of the season won 8 out of the last 10 matches.
Batters struggled at times, but Ollie Grey Nimo amassed 410 runs at 34.17. Anil Kumar scored 327 at 46.71. Elliot Needle was not out on 96 against Handsworth was worthy of note.
Martin Ball returned the best figures of 7 for 11, skipper Nas Ali took 26 wickets at an average of 20.81.
The senior bowlers of Finn and Ball were well supported by the youth of George Dyche.
Third XI Captain Report from Dave Hands in Division 8 NW.
Won 11, Lost 3, Draw 3
The 3rd Xl won their league by 66 points above the second placed side to be League Champions of 8 NW
The batting remained steady, if not a little erratic at times with 1 or 2 collapses
Isaac Mackey was the highest run scorer & award winner for 2021 with 412 runs & high score 129 not out.
Regan Beamish finishing in a very close 2nd position on 410 runs
The bowling was often led by the massively experienced Stuart Russell, regularly supported by Dom Lee, Ghulam Rana, Luke Bishop, Mo Khalil & James Dalton – James & Stuart making a few appearances in the 2nd team this season.  Sam Hay, Jack HW, Tom Hurley, Will and Spike all made good bowling contributions when selected. Dom Lee receive the 3rd Xl bowling award.
Like all Club 3rd Teams, players vary from week to week, as the demands on replacements by the 1st & 2nd Xls, take their toll; in particular during the summer holiday period. However, a number of other players including a new member to the club Ghulam Rana – from Catherine-de Barnes & Dom Lee from the 4th Team
Other 4th team players making appearances in the 3rd Xl were Rajveer Chauhan, Harry Hands, Sam Hay, Kevin Cuthbert, Rohit Chopra, and our star youngsters, Will Burford & Spike Whitehouse, all of whom gave great accounts of themselves and contributed well to the team effort.
In all there were 39 different players appearing for the 3rd team during the course of the season
Fourth Xl Captain Report from Ian Hay in Division 9 North West
Won 8, Winning Draw 1, Losing Draw 1, Lost 4, Abandoned Games 4
Position at the end of the Season 3rd with 240 points.
A relatively successful season finishing 3rd just missing out on promotion, with 2nd in the league Coleshill just a point above us on 241.
A total of 40 players playing for the 4th team, with 16 juniors representing the 4th XI during the season.
There were more players potentially to select from taking the potential playing pool to around 45 players.
The team then was then made up of a consistent squad of roughly 15-18 players that contributed to the results that almost got us promoted, with the teams being a mix of roughly 50/50 juniors and senior players and the mix generally worked well.  In particular the junior section did really well and I’m excited about the future talent coming through.
We had nearly 50 players that could have been selected to play for the 4th XI. A large number of these players that we took membership from (in my opinion) were not good enough to gain a regular place in the 4th XI. If we have a similar membership uptake of this nature again next year we need (in my opinion) to offer them some competitive cricket. Walmley for example, run 6 teams with the Walmley 5a and 5b sides playing in Div. 9 NW and Div. Central respectively.
This is something I think we need to seriously consider, that a few people that joined us subsequently left to join other clubs or are considering joining other clubs next season due to lack of playing opportunities.
On the whole though, apart from the above politics and the weekly selection dramas, it was a pleasure to play and skipper a really good bunch this season.
Further Comments by the Chairman
Social
The end of season curry was reasonably well attended. There will be more focus on social events in the coming year.
The Government Covid rules and regulations were constantly being changed but on the whole John Howard, Tom Owens and the bar managed to ensure service went smoothly on the whole – a difficult task to ensure safe service whilst encouraging a social environment.
Planning for 2022
I and Steve Russell, are review the financial plans for 2022.
The Annual Dinner booked for 4th Feb at Moor Hall. This will commence the 175th Anniversary celebrations.
With increased playing numbers we have agreed in principle additional ground use at BVGS to run 5 team fixtures – another captain will be required to take on this responsibility, we have had a couple put their hand up already.
All Star junior cricket will continue on Friday nights and develop on what we achieved this year, we will look for new junior committee members to help support our activities.
A former players lunch plus celebratory fixtures and kit to look forward to….and even a 175th Anniversary Beer has been agreed to be brewed by our local Brewhouse Pub
We are on the look for help – someone to manage the website on a weekly basis and own communications, help with event organisation and new ideas people!! Please come forward pass onto anyone who may be interested.
Treasurer’s Report by Steve Russell
Income
We have had a solid year financially. As you can see from the report, we budgeted for a small surplus of £1,300 and achieved a surplus of £3,355.
Subscriptions – In senior cricket we have with a lot of effort on the part of captains, John Howard and Stuart Russell ensured that all memberships were paid and match subs collected. It is still a real effort to collect annual subscriptions despite giving players various payment options and this is an approach we need to keep under review.
Senior Match Fees are slightly down but there were at least 2 4th XI games where we had to forfeit and the same on Sundays.
Junior – whilst down on an ambitious budget the figure is up £1400 from last year.
Donations and Sponsorship are both up though we are slightly down on the fixture card. Sponsorship is a key issue for us moving forward. Lanes have been an excellent supporter but we cannot rely only on them moving forward. I know Matt will pick this up later.
Gift Aid – this is less than expected but we believe this may have been due to a mistake in our claim.
Miscellaneous Income: The main items are reported in the report. Most notable were a £1000 rebate from the GPC and 2 ECB Grants obtained by Mike Hepburn. These are offset on the Expenses side (Ground Equipment & Cooker/Barbecue)
Expenditure
A number of items are below budget inc. Teas where we had budgeted for an external provider who pulled out. We were able to replace her and manage costs in this area. Thanks to John Howard.
Coaching costs – paid out less than we anticipated. This is however likely to be an area of significant increase next year given our determination to improve senior coaching provision.
Player Payment – often a contentious area but largely off-set by Sponsorships. Slightly above budget as we made an additional payment to Dinushka to allow him to change his flights as we did not need him for the play-offs.
Ground Equipment – this includes payment to Mike Hepburn off-set by £1,000 from ECB.
Ground Labour – 3 areas – Lee Thomason (£3,410); Phil Oliver (£3,498); Glendale (£1,100). Will need to look closely at this next season as Lee is stepping down from Groundsman and we may need to employ someone at an increased cost.
Miscellaneous Expenditure – This includes nearly £2,000 as cost for the dinner. The Barbecue & Cooker cost were offset by an ECB Grant & GPC Donation.
Looking ahead, we have a number of potential cost items next year that require us to focus on sources of income beyond Subscriptions and Donations. A focus is required on attracting new sponsors and where we can access Grants. We will incur probably higher Ground Labour costs and Coaching costs. It is important that those Social Members who joined this year, re-join and that the cricket committee and captains ensure all memberships and subs are collected.
Juniors Chairman’s Report by Andy Neal
Taken from notes and comments made on evening of 21/10/21, this report includes the names of all those involved with supporting the junior section who were thanked at the end of junior season event on Friday 20th August.
An enjoyable successful and nearly full junior season.
As per Nick Baker’s (Chair) report there has been a brilliant growth in youth members and begun to develop a great avenue for adult cricket. We have provided cricket from All Stars age group though under 10s all the way to under 19.
For the junior section household membership also proved a real success with many juniors joining the club often bringing along an adult player who can get involved with the club too.
The section has been extremely successful in organising and completing so many matches this season – a challenge other clubs have struggle to rise to given COVID challenges. We are lucky to have such a committed group of volunteers and supporting youth cricket at the club.
Some of the successes to call out from the juniors.
Under13 Championship winners.
Under13 League and Under12 Area League winners.
Under11 Grizzlies – Area league winners and due to play their finals day at the start of 2022
season
Our All-Stars program was the biggest ever for the club with close to 50, 5–8-year-olds getting involved on Friday nights. Particular thanks to Roy Hopwood, Sue Hurrell, Jacob Squire-Wood, Luke Bishop, Liz Smart, George Dyche, Jack Hurrell-Woodward and Will Burford along with John Howard and the bar/BBQ team for helping to make it a success.
I would like to thank all our junior players parents, coaches (John Griffiths, Jacob Squire Wood, Luke Bishop, Liz Smart), scorers, ground support teams (particularly Mike Hepburn, ground volunteers, special thanks to Lee Thomason for flexibility in getting pitches and access to top pitch for games) and especially our volunteer team managers – Mark Stirch, Simon Matthews, Jim Little, Jon Crawshaw, Ian Hay, Paul Wright, Dave Hands, Nick Baker and Rob Haines. Also thank you to Nick Baker and the Senior Management Committee for their support of junior section.
The club has put forward 20 trialists for Warwickshire trials and sign of our players high level of skill.
Looking forward, the section in my opinion needs to focus on -
Ensuring 2022 is all electronically scored to help with player statistics
Continue to focus on the growth of the section particularly focusing on the under 10 age groups and below where COVID has impacted skill levels.
Consider how the youth section will be involved in 2022 175th celebrations.
Consider our succession plans for 2024 season and beyond – the current makeup of the Junior Committee means that potentially as our kids get older, we will need to ensure the next group of section volunteers come through.
We are lucky and fortunate at this club to have such a committed and enthusiastic group of people keen to see our junior cricket being enjoyable and successful.
Election of Executive Officers and Junior Section Chairman
Name
Position
Proposer
Nick Baker
Chairman
Roy Hopwood
Roy Hopwood
Secretary
Andy Neal
Steve Russell
Treasurer
Roy Hopwood
Zoe Matthews
Welfare Officer
Nick Baker
Andy Neal
Junior Section Chairman
James Ross
The officers were elected ‘in block’, seconded ‘in block’ by Jack Smith and accepted by The President, James Ross
Proposal by Peter Bell for a change of name/title
REH - A short while ago PB advised myself and Nick Baker (the Chairman) of changes to the title of various Sutton Coldfield based clubs in that they were now to be adding ‘Royal’ to their title and felt that the Club should do likewise. A proposal for a change of title was put to me by PB and he also wrote to the GPC Chairman in this regard.  For the Club to do this it would firstly have to be referred to the GPC, who are the controlling body, and secondly it should be discussed at the Club’s AGM.
By way of explanation if the Club were to do this, then it can only be done by (a). A name/title change under the Constitution and (b). A change of name/title for the limited company.
As the Limited Company is controlled by the General Purposes Committee (GPC) any proposed alterations to the Club Constitution must be submitted to the GPC for ratification.
I wrote to Tom Owens (TO) (GPC Chairman) explaining PB’s proposal so it could be discussed at their meeting on 15th September, which I was unable to attend. As the originator of the proposal Peter Bell raised the matter at that meeting.
PB suggested that there would be “kudos” to sponsors supporting a ‘Royal’ club and JR asked whether the GPC committee had any objections to this happening. There were no objections, but TO stated it would require a change to the Constitution and Articles of Association at Companies House. It would have to be further discussed at their next AGM.
I have now brought PB’s proposal for discussion to this AGM for the meeting to discuss this proposal.
Discussion outcome.
A robust discussion took place with ‘pros and cons’ for this proposal being mooted.
PB maintained sponsors would be more attracted to a Club that had ‘Royal’ in its title and it would also add kudos to the Club.
However certain concerns were raised, chiefly:
(a). GC/DH What is the value of a change of name to the Club?  JR – This is a valid point.
(b).  JS If this were to take place would the logo etc on player’s kit etc have to be replaced and at what cost?
(c). There could be kudos involved where sponsorship was concerned, but are sponsors really bothered about the ‘Royal’ title?
(d). RH - Could this cause exclusivity rather than inclusivity? It was felt this could appear to be somewhat ‘elitist’ and may turn people away.
(e). GC - The Club has always been known as Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club since its inception so why change it now?
(f). NB - It may add some kudos as far as the junior section is concerned.
After much discussion there was no definite consensus with the matter so was left in abeyance. It was felt by the Chairman that this should be taken up at the next Senior Management Committee Meeting.
Nomination for ’10 Not Out’ Award.
Whilst this is not an item for an AGM, PB Peter Bell raised this matter as he feels the award is not receiving the attention it deserves and this was the best opportunity to bring it to the membership’s attention.
NB – Thanked PB for raising this and asked Roy Hopwood to add it as an agenda item for the next senior management committee meeting.
Grounds Chairman’s Report by Mike Hepburn
The hedging has been completed, and the outfield has just been cut and the ground is in good shape. At the end of November – a leaf clearing party is required.
A number of projects need very careful consideration on the ground.
The nets will shortly become a priority
The lower ground all weather wickets,
The score box (a new electronic system).
New sight screens for the top ground
Continuing general maintenance for the lower ground pavilion.
We must continue to maintain our high standards to encourage more people to come and join this club at all levels.
Any Other Business
James Ross – Would there be any actual costs involved should the Club decided to add ‘Royal’ to its title? NB – This would have to be looked into should this occur.
JSW – Will there be further coaching courses and will the Club finance them? NB – The Club will pay for Level 1 coaching courses for the juniors so as to encourage from within the Club. The Andy Biddle Foundation will finance them.
LT – A proposal. Team captains should not have to pay match fees. NB – will discuss this at the next senior management committee meeting.
Peter Bell – Will the Club be going to Lords next year? JR – Has tried to get a game arranged on the nursery grounds but, at the moment, it’s not in use.
There being no further business the meeting closed at 8:35pm
Chapter XX – 2022
175 Anniversary of the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club 1847 to 2022.
Happy New Year and Congratulations to SCCC on the 175th Anniversary of its foundation from the Chairman Nick Baker to all the Club’s members. A fantastic milestone has been reached in 2022, and this year sees us celebrate 175 years of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club playing on the same ground and the same pitches since in Rectory Park since 1847 and a few years earlier. There will be several events to mark this achievement throughout the year, a celebratory dinner, former players lunch, golf day, junior events and a Ball to close the season. We will post dates for the diary soon!
Please keep an eye on the website and WhatsApp groups for latest news and if you would like to help with any of these events, please reach out to myself or any of the committee.
Junior indoor winter Practice 2022
Back for 2022 weekly Junior Indoor Winter Practice sessions at Bishop Vesey School Sports Hall (car park entrance is opposite 19 Boswell Road, B74 2NB).
Sessions will start on Tuesday 11th January and run weekly through the Spring in the run up to the outdoor season. Please go to the club shop to sign up to the coach led sessions which will cost £60.
Tuesday Nights
Thursday Nights
6.00 -7.15pm Year 4-6s (under 8-11s)
6.00 - 7.00 pm Year 7s (under 12s)
7.15 – 8.45pm Year 8s (under 13s)
7.00 - 8.15 pm Year 9-11s (under 14,15,16s)
8.15 pm onwards adult practice
*If winter practice is cancelled due to tightening of COVID guidelines then payments will be refunded on a pro-rata basis.
Senior Winter Nets Thursday Nights
Winter Nets Start Thursday 13th January 8.15pm to 10pm at Bishop Vesey Sports Hall so dust off your kit.... winter nets are back for every Thursday 20.15 pm to 22.00 pmFor new members Bishop Vesey’s Grammar School Sports Hall is on the Lichfield Road, Sutton Coldfield, B74 2NH.
Each session is £6.00, payable as match fees on Pitchero. Please check " My Schedule" in your Pitchero App, you can then tick your availability to attend. This will enable coaches manage the session.
Please bring your own ball and kit as usual. There will be 4 nets available, but please pre-notify of attendance so we can manage numbers if required.
Annual Dinner
The Club is celebrating its 175th birthday with our President James Ross and Chairman Nick Baker well advanced in January 22 in the organization of the Club’s annual dinner and President’s Day.  No annual dinner was possible in 2021 due to Covid, which also prevented the original date of this years of the first Friday in February 2022 being cancelled. A new date of Friday 8th April 2022 at Moor Hall Golf Club has been secured. The other good news is that the Government restriction surrounded Covid has lifted on Tuesday 22 February 2022.  Also announced Stratford upon Avon CC are our guests for Presidents Day- the 28th May 22
The Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club require Umpires
There are several Umpiring Courses being held by the WCL.
The Chairman has agreed that the Club will cover the cost of the course so please register.
Please contact register via the article and contact Nick Baker. The course will run over two full day sessions at Solihull Blossomfield CC. The sessions will be held on Saturday 26th March (9.30 am to 3.30 pm) and Sunday 10th April (10.00 am to 4.30 pm at the latest).
There is also a Tutored Online course, which is a mixture of tutored sessions and self-study online. A Stage Two course takes around 9 to 10 hours to complete so for the online version we break it down into 5 sessions which will run for a maximum of two hours each time.
The tutored online course will run over five successive Saturday mornings from Saturday 19th February to Saturday 19th March inclusive. Start times are 10.00 am and we should finish no later than 12 noon.
You do need a decent level of broadband connectivity and access via a PC or a laptop is strongly advised. I Pads can work but trying to access by a mobile phone has proved difficult in the past.
If you are interested in this online course then please book a place for either course.
Both versions of the course cost £30 (if you have a Stage One discount code then the cost can be reduced to £10)
I do need to add that you must take the Stage One course prior to embarking on Stage Two. If you haven’t undertaken a Stage One in the past then please take the free online Stage One course using the link below. It is a self-study course that can be undertaken at your own pace.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club 175th Anniversary Update
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club is one of the oldest clubs in the West Midlands. This year they celebrate their 175th Anniversary. They have been playing at the Rectory Park in the Town since its inception.
It has been evident in the last couple of years how important sport and the social interaction is to us all. The club has a diverse community with teams and activities ranging from U6’s through the junior age groups into senior cricket, with 4 senior Saturday teams, Sunday 1st XI and a Veterans XI.
To recognise the Anniversary milestone, the club will be hosting a range of celebratory events including a charity fixture against the Help for Hero’s veterans’ charity on the 7th August, an over 35’s tournament on the 28th August to support the Andy Biddle Foundation, and an end of season 175th Anniversary Ball on October 8th.
The Cricket Club is also running a season long collaboration with the Brewhouse and Kitchen in Sutton Coldfield where members of the Cricket Club such as its captain, Jack Smith and Chairman Nick Baker will be helping the Brewhouse’s Head Brewer, Iain Birchley produce a 175th Anniversary Ale on March 17th. It will be a Golden Cask Ale and the Brewhouse and Kitchen will host a tapping party in the Brewpub on the Evening of the 20th April and the Anniversary Ale will be served in the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Clubhouse for the duration of the Anniversary Season.
Invitation from the Brewhouse
We are really proud to be linking up with Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club to help them celebrate their 175th Anniversary and are brewing an Anniversary Ale on 17th March 17th (St Patrick’s day) and members are invited to come and see the event. The best time to attend the 'Brew Day' would be 3pm to 5pm as the best picture opportunities would be taking place between these times. There would also be the opportunity to interview the Cricket Club Chairman and Captain along with myself and the Head Brewer from the Brewhouse and Kitchen. Alternatively, you may wish to cover the 'Tapping Party' on April 20th when we will hold an event to 'Tap' the beer that was brewed on the 17th March. The same group of people should be available for interviews and photos on the Evening of this event also.
From our President. James Ross.
Gents, thank you so much for your attendance today, greatly appreciated and showed generational support for our club which is so important. Not least in our 175th to emphasise our heritage. The Brew House set an object lesson in customer management and a welcome. Could we learn something from that?
I thought it was superb and how good has been Nick Baker in working up the initiative.
Next step the tapping in April (provisionally Thursday 28th) when we taste the fruits of our labours. It looked like today a load of grunge but I’m sure we’ve transformed in due course to elixir.
Annual Dinner
This year’s annual dinner of 2022 was a first for two years due to Covid restrictions requiring our 2021 dinner to be cancelled and even this year’s dinner had to be rearranged from its original date the of 4th February. The committee decided that a dinner would take place on Friday 8th April 2022 to celebrate our 175 years of existence as Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club at Moor Hall Golf Club and was attended by around 100 members. A considerable amount of effort, in particular by our President and Chairman in the production of an attractive menu card and a broacher of 44 pages, detailing the distinguished history of the Club.
The Menu Card
The formal evening commenced with Grace which was given by Michael Dean, 1st team captain 1996 & 97 and League champions in the 1997 season.
The Grace
Lovers of cricket, we're back, have no fears! Reflecting on what was the strangest 2 years In fact, it's 26 months since I last did this grace Lockdowns and testing we've all had to face
The last time we met, England were top of the tree After the World Cup and Ashes, happy as can be Along came Covid and into the bubble, Since then, it's really been nothing but trouble
With the bowlers approaching a ripe middle age, We needed the batsmen to take centre stage. Apart from the skipper who stood pretty firm, Watching the others, it made us all squirm.
The Ashes were gone in double quick time Tactics, selection, no reason or rhyme The coach was a Bonner and poor Giro as welt Now defeat by the Windies, on that we won't dwell
But our speaker tonight, he used to bowl seam First the Bears, then the Foxes were his first-class team These days, in the comm box is where you'll find Daggers, Being usually far more amusing than Aggers.
Now with us at Sutton it's a big birthday this year 175 is a long time to be here Fine players, great teams have all made their mark Long may there be cricket at Rectory Park
So have a good season, we approach it with glee Even if, these days, you don't get any teal
Lord, we thank you, for good food, good wine and lively chat
And keep us playing with a nice straight bat.
Our President James Ross was the MC and gave a quick resume of how the evening was to proceed with Stand-up Bingo at £10 a head, between the 1st and 2nd course of the dinner and would be run by our Chairman, Nick Baker, on Heads & Tails followed by a comfort break after the dinner had been consumed with a number of speeches to follow. The winner of the Stand-up Bingo was Raul Ram
The president announced two awards, -
First to Mark Guest, who was awarded a VP for years of service – back to his early teenage playing cricket.
The second award was the “10 Not Out Trophy” which went to John Howard for his excellent service is maintaining the Pavilion open throughout the Covid-19 restriction and regulations imposed by the Government, resulting in the Bar’s contribution to the Club’s income.
The Chairman on the Warwickshire County Cricket Club, Mark McCafferty, talked about The Game and how clubs were the source of developing the talent of young boys and girls in the junior cricket so that there was a readable source of young cricketers into the professional game.
In response to Mark’s address our Chairman, Nick replied by talking about The Club and its passage through 175 years.
The highlight of the evening was our Principal Guest Speaker, Charles Dagnall, Cumberland CCC, Warwickshire CCC, Leicestershire CCC, BT Sport, Sky Sports and Test Match Special. Charles commenced his speech with a tour round the room with humorous chats with several members before homing in on the table of our young players. This approach certainly got everyone attention, as no one knew where he might strike again. However, he told us how he got into first class cricket from his Club team and knew now as a radio commentator and pundit, he referred to many humorous and interesting tale along the way through his career.
For the Statisticians of the Future Wikipedia states: - Charles bowelled 1,240 overs and took 164 first class wickets at an average of 28.24 runs per wicket taking 5 wickets on 2 occasions and his best figures were 6 for 50 runs. In his batting he scored 422 first class runs with his top scores were 28 and a 23 not out.
A Cricket shirt donated by a former Club Junior Player, Tom Banton, now an International, Test and County Cricketer playing with Somerset CCC was auctioned by Charles and was won by Ollie Grey-Nimmo who out bid all-comers.
Charles rounded up the evening with a walk about, chatting will many members. He was certainly a cricketer who understands Club Cricket and the importance in putting as much support as possible into the host club’s efforts.
A Great Dinner and considered by the Club’s Historian: - To be from the “Top Draw”.
-------------------
I, the historian, wrote the following letter to the MCC and received a pleasant reply to say that our dinner menu and the 175-year brochure will be placed in the MCC Library collection.
The Bell
2, North Drive,
Sutton Coldfield,
West Midlands.
B75 7TQ
Tel: - 0121 378 1543
Mobile: - 07831 145 176
E-mail : - peter.bell@freeuk.com
12th April 2022
Dear Robert
I trust you are well and getting back to some normality.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club celebrated it’s 175 Anniversary, as we were formally formed in 1847, and are believe to be the second cricket club to be formed in the Midlands.
As part of our celebration’s this year, we commenced with our Annual Dinner on Friday 8th April 22 and the presentation of a brochure on the Club’s distinguish history together with the evening’s dinner menu. I am enclosing a copy of both for your archives.
Your sincerely,
Peter Bell
Life Member of SCCC, Historian & Archivist
-------------------
Dear Mr. Bell
I am emailing to thank you for sending the brochure and menu card celebrating the 175th anniversary of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club. These will be placed within our Library collections.
Best wishes, Robert
Robert Curphey
Archive & Library Manager
020 7616 8506
-------------------
Aston Unity Cricket Club
During the Dinner, I met up with John Reves, Life Member of AUCC who informed that this season they will be playing at Coppice Lane for the last time as they have a new ground in Erdington. The location is adjacent to where Erdington Rugby Club play in Kingsbury Road. I understood from John that the entrance would be off Spring Lane and that the move from Coppice Lane was necessary as they could not attract members as the local area does not have any inhabitance, whereas, Erdington has an abundance of local schools for both boys and girls to take up the game of cricket.
Letter from our President James Ross Esq
7 Boswell Road
Sutton Coldfield
West Midlands
B74 2NB
Dear Life Member/Vice President
I do hope you are well as we begin to celebrate our 175th anniversary with league fixtures commencing this Saturday.  There are other events taking place during the summer.  I shall be hosting President’s Day v Stratford upon Avon CC on May 28th. This will follow the normal format whereby all are welcome.  However, this year it will also include a former players’ lunch.
If you wish to attend the lunch please can you confirm so that we can organise numbers with the caterers.  The cost is £12ph.
In addition, if you are able to make a donation it would be hugely appreciated. Either by sending a cheque to myself or by an electronic transfer to the club’s account.  We can obtain Gift Aid on donations which is a valuable additional benefit.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, HSBC, sort code 40 43 28 a/c. 21767917
There is a very positive mood at Rectory Park after two seasons of upheaval due to matters beyond our control. Your support as we move towards our Bicentennial Anniversary in 2047 is greatly valued.
Very best wishes
James Ross
President, Sutton Coldfield CC
0749 553 9668
james.ross125@icloud.com
RECTORY PARK
The Top Ground Viewed from the Roadway into Rectory Park
The Top Ground looking towards the Pavilion
An article below that was published in the Royal Sutton Coldfield addition of the Chronical for the week of Thursday 28th April 22, regarding Sutton’s home game against Walmley CC of the 23rd April 22. Unfortunately, The Sutton Coldfield Addition of the Chronical was discontinued at the end of May 2022
Sutton Coldfield 1st Team in their 2022 White Ball Kit
L to R Back Row: - A. Farooq, Felix Haines, Jacob Squire-Wood, Aaron Thomason, Harry Williams-Lucas. Seated: - Graham Clark, A. Shabir, Lee Thomason, Jack Smith, Raul Ram, N. Lawrence.
It’s worth a comment on the fact that the scoring of 994 runs for the loss of 26 wickets in the two games is a great complement to the Groundsman – Lee Thomason and his assistances in being able to produce a quality wicket in April the 23rd and 30th. The figures give an average of just over 38 runs per wicket against two quality oppositions of Walmley & Attock CC. respectively.
1ST XI SMASH CLUB RECORDS VS ATTOCK
BY the Chairman NICK BAKER
994 runs scored and 26 wickets at Rectory Park over 2 weekends.
2 great results for SCCC 1st XI.
Having lost the toss, Sutton were somewhat surprisingly put into bat on a used surface. After losing a couple of early wickets Nathan Lawrence and Lee Thomason built a solid platform which allowed Raul Ram (95) and Aaron Thomason (114) to come together and bat magnificently for a partnership of 203! Both players timed their innings incredibly well, with Sutton adding 114 runs in the last 9 overs.
In response Sutton’s bowling was too strong for Attock who limped to 103 all out thanks to some excellent bowling from all of the attack. Special mention to Jacob Squire-Wood who returned great figures of 4-44.
Overall, a fairly faultless performance and great to win 2 games on the bounce. We travel to Olton on Saturday and hope to continue this good form.
994 runs scored on the same wicket over 2 weekends at Rectory Park is testament to the hard work Lee Thomason has put into cultivating the wicket.
In addition to the match report - please see the following from Peter Bell, we believe this result to have broken a few club records –
Is 314-6 the highest score ever recorded by SCCC?
Answer - Yes at Rectory Park.
Is winning margin of 211 our highest ever?
Answer - Yes
Is the 5th wicket partnership between Raul Ram and Aaron Thomason of 203 a record for that wicket?
Answer - yes
However, on the factual side of the records I hold, batting at Rectory Park has never produced very high scores. In the pre-WW2 the highest score was a partnership of 200 between N F Prosser 100 not out and E H Walters 87 not out but that was away at Stratford in 1938 by the Club's 1st Xl.
The highest home partnership was against Stratford for a 2nd wicket in 1978 of 217 between M Dixon 101 not out and B K Gardom 105 not out. The highest away game partnership was for a 3rd wicket against Harborne in 2017 of 280 between Lee Thomason 202 not out and Tom Eustas 127 not out.
The highest score by a Sutton team with 411 in a 50 over game.
The previous highest 5th Wicket partnership was in 1938 of 200 runs away at Stratford between N F Prosser100 not out and E H Walters with 87 not out.
To the best of my knowledge 211 is the highest win by the 1st team. The previous best was against Harborne by 192 runs in the above referred to game.
Footnote
It’s worth a comment on the fact that the scoring of 994 runs for the loss of 26 wickets in the two games is a great complement to the Groundsman – Lee Thomason and his assistances in being able to produce a quality wicket in April the 23rd and 30th. The figures give an average of just over 38 runs per wicket against two quality oppositions of Walmley and Attock CCs respectively.
The above response is by the referred Club’s Historian & Live Member Peter Bell.
_______________________
The Boldmere Neighbourhood Forum center pages of their
May/June 2022 magazine of the “Vesey”
to
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.
Obituary to Kenneth David Walter Lancaster
Ken, as he was affectionally known, the only child of Vic & Kate Lancaster, born on the 10th April 1930 and lived his childhood in Defford Road, Lozells, Birmingham and attended the local, Anglesey Primary School. That was until Birmingham City Council redeveloped the Lozells area of the City in the late 1950’s and early 1960’s, which resulted in the family being rehoused in a flat on the corner of Kingsbury Road and Bromford Lane. Ken passed the 11-plus exam into the King Edward Vl Handsworth Grammar School before being called up under the Government’s National Service legislation in 1948.
He served his 2-years in the Royal Air Force as a corporal in their Military Police, affectionally know as Snowdrops, as they wore a white hat and belt on top of their tunic. During his service activities Ken represented the RAF in their Table Tennis activities as well as finding time to play cricket for his RAF station. On being demobilised in 1950 he joined Joseph Lucas in Kings Street as a draftsman for a period of about 10 years.
Following the Government’s awareness of a serious shortage of science teachers within the school’s education system; suitable candidates within industry were invited under TVEI (Technical Vocational Educational Initiative) to apply for posts
By kind permission of ASTRA
without the need for a teaching qualification. Ken did just that, and went into the teaching profession.
It is believed that Ken taught at three schools, Selly Oak Boys School, Kings Rise School but mainly at Handsworth Wood Boys School, on Church Lane. It was in September 1967 that Ken, along with eight other new members of staff arrived at Handsworth Wood School; A school that had in previous years gained a low reputation both locally and academically in the Aston area, and was a difficult school to teach in. However, in the following years Ken, along with the other personal were able to effect a considerable change and to turn the school into a very successful place, both academically and particularly in sporting achievements and reggae music. Ken’s initial appointment was as a Math’s and Technical Drawing teacher. In 1970 he became Head of the School’s Soho House and in 1972 Head of Mathematics. He also introduced Table Tennis to the school’s curriculum and ran coaching sessions at two schools, King’s Rise School for Girl as well at Handsworth Wood School for Boys, He also ran ten soccer sides in the boy’s school, and in 1968 he established the Aston Football League, which he organised until he left teaching. However, while still at the Handsworth Wood School Ken taught a number of boys, who had a musical talent and went on to form a very successful reggae band, Steel Pulse, 1975 to the present day. According to Wikipedia their composer was David Hinds (lead vocals, guitar), Basil Gabbidon (lead guitar, vocals), Ronald McQueen (bass) and Colin Gabbidon on drums. Steel Pulse were the first non-Jamaican act to win the Grammy Award for Best Reggae. Their debut album, Handsworth Revolution launched them in an international known band, in particular in the States.
It is believed Ken moved to Kings Rise School, now an Academy to teach Math’s and subsequently became Head of their Technology Department, a position he held until his retirement from fulltime teaching in the late 1990’s.
Ken married a Vera Florence Mullaley, (born 4th July 1934), on the 10 September 1960 and set up home initially in Wheaton Vale, Handsworth, before going to live in Orphanage Road Erdington. However, Vera developed a medical problem that required the Lancaster’s to move in 1993 to a bungalow in Gibbons Road, Mere Green. Even when Vera was wheelchair bound Ken was still finding time to attend to his many cricket commitments accompanied by Vera until her death on 28th August 2004.
During Ken’s school days he enjoyed a number of sporting activities in Burbury Park including football and in particular cricket. He joined Aston Unity Cricket Club as an opening batsman and an off-spin bowler, playing in both their 1st and 2nd Xl in the Birmingham & District Premier Crick League at the Club’s Court Lane ground and continued when the club moved to Coppice Lane, Middleton. However, as the seasons rolled by, Ken was unable to get a regular place in Unity’s 2nd team on Saturdays so in 2000 he moved his allegiance to play his Saturday cricket with the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club but continued to turn out for Unity on Sundays. This situation lasted for 2 seasons until 2002 when he finally severed his connections with Aston Unity CC after 53 years.
Now at the Sutton club, Ken played mainly in the 3rd team although he did captain their 2nd Xl in the 2001 season and played a number of games in the following seasons when they were short of a spin bowler. Ken continuing enjoying his cricket well into his late 60’s with the Sutton Coldfield Club’s 3rd team and produced many outstanding performances with his bowling taking 6 Solihull wickets for 23 runs in the 1990 season at the age of 60. Ken in his early cricketing career with Aston Unity, also played Sunday cricket and with likeminded friend in the Lozells area and his enthusiasm instigator the formation of Burbury Cricket Club in the early 1950’s. Initially playing in Perry Hall Park in the Birmingham Parks leagues, before the Club decided in the 1960’s to become a nomadic club, with Ken as secretary, managed a full fixture programme for two teams weekly. However, a parcel of land was found in Blackgreaves Farm and a cricket ground was developed with the Club’s being renamed Lea Marston Cricket Club, but disbanded after 15 seasons when the drink & drive laws came into force. This was due to the early members of the club having been rehoused across the breadth of Birmingham. Ken was also a regular tourist with the Mayflies CC in the Abergavenny, Builth Wells & Brecon area.
1993, 3rd Xl League Champions
SCCC 3rd Xl team member in their Willis Corroon Championship side
Ken was also a keen and capable footballer, and organised sides from the Burbury Cricket Club players to play Sunday football at many pitches around the Birmingham area, so keeping fit during the winter months. He was also an extremely good and talented table tennis player and played at the highest level, including such British Internationals, as Ann Haydon, Pam Mortimer and Johnny Leash. He started playing as a school boy before he played league table tennis in the Birmingham & Solihull District Table Tennis Association after completing his Military Service. During his career he played for a number of clubs, including Friends Hall, Joseph Lucas, Uffculme, Old Veseyans, and Springfield and joining the Royal Sutton Coldfield Table Tennis Club in 1980 and took on both the Fixture Secretaries post and later became the Club’ Secretary for more than 10 years - until 2018.
Ken was described as a defensive player, frustrating his opponents in being able to constantly return the ball back to his adversary’s side of the table. He was a regular player in Division 1, for a considerable number of years and played at a very good competitive standard well into his 70’s mainly with the Royal Sutton Coldfield Table Tennis Club to became the oldest player playing competitive league table tennis. During his time with the RSCTTC he was awarded an Honorary Member of the Club in July 2017 and attended his last Committee Meeting in August 2019.
Ken was an exceptional good administrator, as secretary of Burbury CC, and Lea Marston CC for 25 years as well as being secretary of the Aston Unity club for 12 seasons 1987-1998 and when joining the Sutton club, he took on the role of their fixture secretary. He held this post for 9 seasons 1999 – 2007, when he added the Club’s secretarial position to his administration portfolio for the next 6 seasons in 2005 to 2010.
Throughout the life of the Warwickshire Sunday League 1984 to 2016 seasons, Ken was a member of their executive taking on the role as secretary in 1985 until the end of the 2014 season; a 30-year period.
Kenneth D.W. Lancaster
1930 to 2022
He was also an active member on both the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League and also the Midland Club Cricket Conference committees’ and was elected President of the B&DPCL in 2011 and visited all clubs during his year in office, followed by the Presidency of the MCCC in 2016, having been awarded earlier in 1999 “The Leslie Jones Secretarial Trophy” – acknowledging his administration abilities in midland cricket over some 62 years.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club elected Ken as a Life Member in 2017, to become the 22nd recipients to be bestowed with this honour since the club was formed in 1847.
Ken also found time to be a regular member and supporter of the Alpha One Swing Band and the Steve King Big Band and was also a member of the Highbury Theatre since 2000, rarely missed any of their performances or productions.
Unfortunately, Ken found hearing very difficult and it resulted in the loss of Ken’s ability to communicate with people. Although looking through his diary he clearly recorded in his draftsman’s trained writing both past and future events that he was involved with, and it clearly confirmed that he had no problems with his memory.
He had been a keen supporter of The National Service (Royal Air Force) Association; joining the Sutton Coldfield Branch when they held its monthly meetings at the Fox and Dogs; probably around 2013. He persuaded many ex-RAF personal into joining the Sutton Coldfield branch.
Ken passed away on the 18th May 2022 at the age of 92, during our branch’s visit to the RAF Cosford Museum. To see once again, if a Lancaster bomber was housed there, as he was proud to carry the surname “Lancaster”. His passing was a sad moment for his old Royal Air Force colleagues; but for Ken, he could not have chosen a more fitting location to spend the last few minutes of life. Ken lived on his own and had no known relative except a cousin of Vera, Margaret, who resides in France with her husband Renerey Ray. It true to say that Ken was proud to have served in the Royal Air Force and during his life acquired a mass of memorability of everything relating to “The Lancaster” and of course “Cricket”.
On the 25th May the NS(RAF)A announced that a laying down of the Standard in a Drum Head Ceremony that took place at the RAF Cosford Museum, attended by the Station Commander, Group Captain Gareth Bryant OBE, at the very spot where Ken sat down for his final rest on the 18th May 22. Prayers were said for Ken by a Roman Catholic Priest.
RAF Cosford Museum will now hold an unveiling ceremony on Sunday 11th September 22 for the Standard and Drums to permanently displayed in the area where Ken passed away.
Peter Bell 27th June 2022
Funeral Arrangements
Kenneth’s funeral will take at the Sutton Coldfield Crematoria, Tamworth Road, Sutton Coldfield. B75 6LG at 2.30 pm on Monday 27th June 2022. No flowers please, but any donations we would ask that you make it in favour of the Midlands Air Ambulance Charity. A reception (Wake) will be held at the Sutton Coldfield Cricket & Hockey Club’s pavilion in Rectory Park, Rectory Road, Sutton Coldfield. B75 7RS. Please be aware that the Cricket & Hockey Club only takes cards.
I would appreciate some indication from friends & colleague wishing to attend the reception if they could advise me.
Peter Bell
SCCC Historian & Archivist
Tel No. 0121 378 1543 or by e-mail on peter.bell@freeuk.com
Footnote.   Instead of flowers, colleagues and friend were invited, after the service at the crematorium to make a donation to the Air Ambulance. This produced a £590 response, from a congregation of just over a 100, and will be forwarded on to the RAF Cosford establishment with a comment, acknowledging our thanks for the attention, Dr Alex Wollaston gave to Ken in his final hour.
Eulogy
Kenneth David Walter Lancaster
I was first introduced to Ken Lancaster by a mutual friend in 1955 when he was playing cricket for Burbury Cricket Club in Perry Hall Park, some 67 years ago. Ken was an excellent cricketer and had joined Aston Unity Cricket Club around 1950, soon after he had completed his National Service.
During the ensuing years Ken played as an opening batsman and an off-spin bowler, in both Unity’s 1st and 2nd teams in the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League initially at the Club’s Court Lane ground and also when the Club moved to Coppice Lane at Bassetts Pole.
Aston Unity Cricket Club did not play cricket on Sunday, so Ken set up a club with likeminded friend from the Lozells area with enthusiasm, and taking on the administration tasks in the formation and running of Burbury Cricket Club in the early 1950’s.
Initially, they played in Perry Hall Park in the Birmingham Parks leagues, before the Club decided in the 1960’s to become a nomadic team, with Ken as secretary, managing to organise a full fixture programme for two teams. However, a parcel of land was found in Blackgreaves Farm and a cricket ground was developed with the Club’s being renamed Lea Marston Cricket Club.
However, as the seasons rolled by, Ken was unable to get a regular place in the Aston Unity’s 2nd team on Saturdays, so in 2000 he moved his allegiance to playing his Saturday cricket with the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club but continued to turn out for the Unity on Sundays. This situation lasted for 2 seasons until 2002 when Ken finally severed his connections with Aston Unity CC after 52 years.
Now at the Sutton Coldfield Club, Ken played mainly in the 3rd team, although he did captain their 2nd Xl in the 2001 season and played a number of games in the following seasons when they were short of a spin bowler. Ken continuing enjoying his cricket well into his 70’s with the Sutton Club’s 3rd team and produced many outstanding performances with his bowling, in particular, taking 6 Solihull wickets for 23 runs in the 1990 season at the age of 60, although it has been recorded that Ken was still playing at the age of 76 and had taken over 800 wickets in a playing career of over 60 years.
The Club was invited to play the MCC at Lord's, under their Club & Ground name, the Cross Arrows, as part of the Club's 150th anniversary celebrations. Ken, at the age of 68, was selected to play as the Club’s spin bowler and took a wicket and was not out when the game ended in a draw, with one run separating the two sides with Sutton 9 wickets down in a game where 545 runs were scored.
Ken was also a regular tourist with the Mayflies Cricket Club in their annual visit to clubs in the Usk Valley.
I have touched a little on Ken’s administration ability, but he was an exceptional good administrator, as secretary of Burbury CC, and Lea Marston CC for 25 years as well as being secretary of the Aston Unity club for 12 seasons in 1987. When joining the Sutton club, he took on the role of their fixture secretary, a post he held for 9 seasons before he added the Club’s general secretarial position to his administration portfolio for 6 seasons. When Ken finally stopped playing cricket, he became the 2nd Xl’s scorer for at least 6 seasons.
Throughout the life of the Warwickshire Sunday League, Ken was a member of their executive committee taking on the role as secretary in 1985, which continued until the end of the 2014 season; a 30-year period.
He was also an active committee member on both the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League and the Midland Club Cricket Conference’
In 2011 Ken was elected President of the Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League and visited all the clubs in the league during his year in office.
This was followed by Ken being elected President of the Midland Club Cricket Conference in 2016, having been awarded earlier in 1999 “The Leslie Jones Secretarial Trophy” – acknowledging his administration abilities in midland cricket over some 62 years.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club elected Ken as a Life Member in 2017, to become the 22nd recipients, to be bestowed with this honour, since the club was formed in 1847.
Ken was an outstanding cricketer in all aspects of the game and would take on rolls when he considered it was the best way forward and he was generally right, but on this occasion;  “Ken”, “you have been run out at 92,Kostenlose Vektorgrafik: Zeigefinger, Hinweis, Geste - Kostenloses Bild ... by Unknown AuthorError! Hyperlink reference not valid.Kostenlose Vektorgrafik: Zeigefinger, Hinweis, Geste - Kostenloses Bild ... by Unknown AuthorError! Hyperlink reference not valid.”so it’s “good by” my old friend Rest in Peace.
Kostenlose Vektorgrafik: Zeigefinger, Hinweis, Geste - Kostenloses Bild ... by Unknown AuthorError! Hyperlink reference not valid.
Kostenlose Vektorgrafik: Zeigefinger, Hinweis, Geste - Kostenloses Bild ... by Unknown AuthorError! Hyperlink reference not valid.
Written & delivered by Peter Bell
Monday 27th June 2022
Sutton Coldfield Crematorium
Witterings or Reminiscences of the Golden Oldies,
Sometime known as the Kindergarten Group
Following the visit by Warwick Tidy on Saturday 20th August 22 to HQ. There was a considerable number of e-mail exchanges between James Ross (President), Neil Houghton (Ginge), John Robinson (Tiger), Peter Bell, (Umpire & Club Historian) and Warwick Tidy, which made interesting readings, Well the Collator of the Club’s History thought so.
From: James Ross <james.ross125@icloud.com> Date: 24 August 2022 at 21:16:01 BST
To: Neil Houghton <neil.houghton@blueyonder.co.uk, Peter Bell peter.bell@freeuk.com, John Robinson, jlr212@btinternet.com, Warwick Tidy warwick@icandothatforyou.co.uk>Subject: Sixty years of cricket
﻿
Chaps,
Been reflecting on the fact that it is sixty years since I first played at Prep School and watched live.
My father took me to see my first Test Match in June 1962 v Pakistan. I’ve got Wisden 100th Edition for 1963 which has the full match report that I’ve just been reading.England, Pullar 22, Cowdrey 159, Dexter 72, Graveney 97, Barrington9, Parfitt 101*, Millman, Lock, Trueman, Statham =544-5 dec won by an innings and 24 runs.Hanif and Mushtaq played for Pakistan.
Trueman and Statham took 10 wickets in the match between them. Lock 5.Wisden, “only on the last day did the sun shine with any warmth, but the match was free from rain and altogether 40,000 people were present, the best attendance being on Saturday when over 16,000 attended”. Father took me on the Saturday in the green Ford Zephyr, column gear change, bench front seat, no seat belts. We sat in what is now the Hollies stand (Rea Bank) I was transfixed as a small seven-year-old whilst he drank beer with business contacts all day at the bar.
Best wishes, Jamie
=======================================
On 25 Aug 2022, at 10:27, Warwick Tidy <warwick@icandothatforyou.co.uk wrote >
To: "James Ross" <james.ross125@icloud.com>
Cc: Neil Houghton <neil.houghton@blueyonder.co.uk, Peter Bell <peter.bell@freeuk.com, John Robinson <jlr212@btinternet.com>,
Jamie dear boy,
My early days were living on Coneybury Farm at the back of Middleton Hall near Tamworth with brother Grahame. We cut a 'strip' in the front field and spent most Summer days playing cricket on it. Ma and Pa were both staunch WCCC supporters back in the day and thereafter.
In 1964 I went to John Wilmott Grammer School and played my first proper game of cricket against Coleshill Grammar School aged 11 and came on as change bowler and took wickets!! Ridiculous that 5 years later I was offered a contract at WCCC when 16 and was the third youngest ever to play for WCCC in the Championship at age 17!!!
Sutton Coldfield will always be dear to my heart and when I made my first team debut at 15, I think, the Captain was Peter Cadman who spoke rather nicely and always wore his wonderful blazer, a bit like the Repton blazer Jamie!! Following Peter there was Martin Bloomer and of course Mike Dixon. I was fortunate to have such wonderful Captains who understood me, as I didn't really undertsnd myself then and still don't even now!!!
Pa would take me and Grahame to WCCC from about 10 onwards to see some First Class cricket matches and I watched in awe of players who were household names, who about 7 seven years later I was in the same side as. How absurd was that. Anyway happy and not to be forgotten days and my truly best moments were to have as first class wickets including some chap called Boycott, Barry Richards, Phil Sharpe, John Hampshire, Bumble and the like. The one however that sadly got away was some bloke called Sobers who was on 10, hit a top spinner from me that really bounced and lobbed to Eddie Hemmings who promptly dropped it!! He went on to score a 100 odd and win the game. How annoying wat that!! Lovely chap though.
Not known for my batting, I did feature in a 50 partnership with Rohan Kanhai at Courtaulds, Rohan scored 49 of them and myself 1, BUT it was a very high class 1 at that!!!
Anyway there you have it, happy days indeed.
Best,
Warwick
======================================
From: peter.bell@freeuk.com [mailto:peter.bell@freeuk.com]
Sent: 25 August 2022 08:27
To: 'James Ross'
Cc: TIGER; Neil Houghton; 'Warwick Tidy'
Subject: RE: Sixty years of cricket
Hi James
I don’t remember much about 1962. It was the year 1966 that I remember very well, as it was my 1ST full season with the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club as an umpire on the lower ground with the Hawkes under the captaincy of Geoff Hatfield, a gentleman and the most pleasant man that you could wish to meet, especially compared to some of those I had meet in the Birmingham League.
On the world cup final day, the 30th July 1966, Sutton 1st team were at home with Chris Barber opened the batting only for Chris to be dismissed for no runs. if my memory is correct Chris was replaced by Neil Houghton, the gentleman I had met on the Bank Holiday in August 1965 during the tea interval who invited me to join the SCCC and I was introduced to Geoff, which resulted in me umpiring the remaining time after tea interval with the Hawkes. Neil always believed it was his biggest mistake he ever made in inviting me to join the Club, but fortunately I never believe him.
However, I have digressed, on the world cup final day at Wembley, Neil had arrived with a television so that players could watch the final, Neil in fact never saw anything of the world cup game live as he batted all afternoon. If I was to look at the fixture card for the 1966 season, I would know who the 1st team were playing, but I have sealed all the Club’s history into 7 boxes, for someone to take over as the Club’s historian and archivist duties at some future date.
It is nice to know that the youngest member of our group is starting to go down memory lane, which is a well-worn path.
Regards & Stay Safe
Peter
=====================================
From: "Neil Houghton" <neil.houghton@blueyonder.co.uk>To: "James Ross" <james.ross125@icloud.com>Cc: "Warwick Tidy" warwick@icandothatforyou.co.uk; peter.bell@freeuk.com; "TIGER" <jlr212@btinternet.com>Sent: Thursday, 25 Aug, 22 At 4:41 PMSubject: Re: Sixty years of cricket
Jamie,
Happy memories from the 1960's I remember them well golden years as far as I was concerned In my twenties moving slightly quicker than I can today. In those days we did not realise that in years to come the Liverpool speed merchant would descend upon us to spice up the pace attack!
Peter claims I invited him to join the Club back in 1965 I will now take credit for that little did I realise at the time that Peter would make such a major contribution to well being and success of both the Cricket and Hockey Clubs and still contributing some 57 years later. It is time I forgave him for all the decisions that went against me.
You will be pleased to know that I purchased more Penguins yesterday on special offer! Hope to see you on Friday.
I don't remember the Kindergarten giving Tiger permission to leave early last
Saturday.
Ginge.===================================
From: "jlr212" <jlr212@btinternet.com> Tiger
To: "Neil Houghton" <neil.houghton@blueyonder.co.uk>,
Copy to "James Ross" <james.ross125@icloud.com>  Peter Bell <peter.bell@freeuk.com>, Warwick Tidy <warwick@icandothatforyou.co.uk>Sent: Thursday, 25 Aug, 22 At 9:57 PM
Subject: Re: Sixty years of cricket
Enjoyed reading your reminisces.
I came to Sutton Coldfield in 1970 to take up a job at Good Hope. The new clubhouse had just been opened; it was not really a good design for a clubhouse, more appropriate for a community centre!
With a pal from the hospital, I sat on a bench, sometime in May, watching a first team game; Sutton were fielding. My pal asked what I thought of the player who was bowling. I said 'well he runs-up as far as a fast bowler but he seems to be bowling leg spin'. Guess who!
When I'd been in the job a few weeks, a doctor from Rhodesia (Tony Robertson) started to come to the lab to talk about a research project he was doing. He was 'batter' in Suttons Ist team and, during our chats, it emerged that I also had some cricketing experience. Because of work commitments, 'on call' etc. I wasn't able to play regularly but he asked me If I would be interested in playing the odd game on the occasions that a Sutton side was short of players. I played in theatre kit under Dick Sperryn a number of times before I played in a mid-week Club v Hospital beer match towards the end of the season. That was when I first met Andy Beach and Roger Coombs!
We got on really well and I stayed much to late drinking with them and was signed up to join Sutton over several pints. Beachy took it upon himself to introduce me to Birmingham and the Midlands. He took me everywhere! I remember him taking me to Edgbaston, the restaurant in Scotts, the Dolche Vita, and Moore Hall on Saturday nights; he also introduced me to his sister Lindsay and got me playing hockey with Kings Heath vets; not a natural game for me but I had a whale of a time. What more could I ask for?
At the start of the next season, I began playing in the 2nd XI under Geoff Pritchett. Beachy invited me to turn up at an Imps game that was being played at Rectory Park. The Imps were batting, I was sat watching on a bench in the club's garden area, when I heard a high-pitched giggling laugh that I would recognise anywhere; who should it be but Curly Caldwell! It was great to meet someone from my old Club who remembered that I could play.
Good to hear that there is a fresh supply of Penguins.
See you Friday morning.
Tiger
-------------------
Hi Warwick.
I am sorry I did not meet you when you visit the SCCC last Saturday, I had a hospital appointment at the QE at 6 pm on a Saturday night. Nevertheless, I passed with flying colours, but you had left when I arrived at 7 pm.
What a brilliant letter you have responded to James’ “Thoughts about his boyhood days”. I have always enjoyed history, anything about days of the past captivates me.
I hope you will not object about you letter going into the Club’s history. If you do, it’s still going in, as a hard copy and an electronic version.
Look after yourself and I hope to see you the next time you are in Sutton.
Kind regards & Stay Safe
Peter
-------------------
Hi Peter,
Yes, sorry I missed you and delighted that you passed with 'rainbow' colours!!
Peter, no objections whatsoever, but can you just check that there is nothing libellous or politically incorrect, as I do not wish Heppers to have to defend me in court!!!
All the best Peter, until the next time.
Best,
Warwick
-------------------
Hi Warwick
If Heppers was to defend you, I can see the gallows being erected outside the Town Hall in King Edward Square, Sutton Coldfield
Peter
-------------------
James,
Not sure which gave me the most wickets, long hops or full bungers!!!
Pity Larry Grayson still not around,'what a gay day' !!
Warwick
-------------------
From: James Ross [mailto:james.ross125@icloud.com] Sent: 25 August 2022 11:31To: WarwickCc: peter.bell@freeuk.com; TIGER; Neil HoughtonSubject: Re: Sixty years of cricket
Another famous batsman (batter) you dismissed, Barry Duddleston. Caught by me at mid wicket off a long hop he belted straight to me at Leicester Ivanhoe.
Gay stumps on Old Trafford mud flats for Test Match!
Jamie
-------------------
On 25 Aug 2022, at 11:23, Warwick <warwick@icandothatforyou.co.uk> wrote:
﻿PS,  I never dropped a catch but one or two “fell out “ 🤣🤣🤣  Warwick
------------------
Footnote.
Both Andrew Beach (Beachy) and his sister Lindsay were adopted children of Mr. & Mrs. Beach who always had a wish to get Lindsay married, but as far as Andrew was concerned and everyone who met Lindsay, thought they were like chalk and cheese.
Kings Heath were a hockey club, the other side of Birmingham. It was a club that Andrew decided to move his allegiance too when the Sutton Hockey Club’s policy was to split up their 4th team players which was more of a social side with the majority of the players being from the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club. This resulted with Roger Coombs, James Ross, Warwick Tidy, Tony Malik and I think Chris Barber also moving to the Kings Heath club, but after a couple of seasons and the introduction of the Drink & Drive laws, they move back to the Sutton Club who had decided that the 4th Team would be more of a social side rather than in the club’s players promotion and relegation sequence.
Division 5
Win
LD
P
24
20
TD
WD
4
2
L
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
SUTTON COLDFIELD 2NDS
22
5
10
0
0
0
1
5
1
9
17
0
352
RUGBY 2NDS
22
4
9
0
3
0
0
5
1
20
18
0
348
COPSEWOOD WIW 1STS
22
2
11
0
1
0
0
6
2
14
23
0
323
AMBLESIDE 1STS
22
1
11
0
1
0
0
7
2
17
21
0
300
ATHERSTONE TOWN 1ST
22
0
10
0
3
0
0
7
2
23
24
0
285
KNOWLE & DORRIDGE 3
22
3
5
0
2
2
0
9
1
29
31
0
264
MOSELEY ASHFIELD 2NDS
22
3
6
0
2
0
2
7
2
13
24
0
261
THIMBLEMILL 1STS
22
0
10
0
0
0
2
8
2
20
22
0
254
STREETLY 2NDS
22
2
7
0
2
0
0
10
1
14
25
24
227
ASTON UNITY 1STS
22
2
3
0
1
1
1
13
1
24
40
0
192
NUNEATON 2NDS
22
0
1
0
0
2
2
16
1
41
45
0
122
BULKINGTON 1STS
22
1
2
0
0
0
2
15
2
10
31
10
107
Division 7 West
Win
LD
P
24
20
TD
WD
4
2
L
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
SOLIHULL MUNICIPAL 2NDS
22
4
14
0
0
1
0
1
2
1
7
0
396
SHENLEY FIELDS 1STS
22
6
9
0
2
0
0
4
1
13
15
0
376
PICKWICK P&M 1STS
22
4
9
0
2
0
0
6
1
12
14
2
324
MOSELEY 3RDS
22
2
9
0
0
0
0
8
3
9
28
0
277
HAMPTON & SOLIHULL 2NDS
22
3
7
0
1
0
0
10
1
25
22
0
273
CATHERINE DE BARNES 1STS
22
3
8
0
0
0
0
9
2
10
19
0
269
LYNDWORTH 3RDS
22
4
5
0
1
0
1
9
2
30
25
5
266
ATTOCK 4THS
22
3
4
0
0
0
1
11
3
25
29
0
220
SHELDON MARL'GH 2NDS
22
1
6
0
0
1
0
13
1
26
32
0
210
WEOLEY HILL 2NDS
22
1
6
0
0
0
1
12
2
18
34
0
206
SUTTON COLDFIELD 3RDS
22
1
3
0
1
0
1
14
2
23
33
0
160
ASTON UNITY 2NDS
22
0
2
0
0
0
1
17
2
21
31
0
102
Division 9 North West
Win
LD
P
24
20
TD
WD
4
2
L
A
BtP
BwP
Pen
Pts
BRIDGE TRUST OB 2NDS
18
12
1
0
3
1
0
0
1
13
13
0
372
SUTTON COLDFIELD 4THS
18
5
8
0
0
2
0
2
1
15
11
0
318
FOUR OAKS SAINTS 4THS
18
7
1
0
3
0
2
4
1
29
20
0
275
STREETLY 3RDS
18
4
2
0
4
0
1
6
1
31
36
0
249
WISHAW 3RDS
18
5
0
0
4
1
0
7
1
25
32
0
225
WATER ORTON 3RDS
18
5
0
0
2
3
1
6
1
25
28
5
206
NETHER WHITACRE 3RDS
18
5
1
0
1
0
0
10
1
13
23
15
175
WALMLEY 5A
18
4
1
0
0
0
1
11
1
19
33
0
174
ASTON UNITY 3RDS
18
2
1
0
0
0
2
10
3
11
23
15
103
SMETHWICK 4THS
18
2
0
0
0
0
3
10
3
14
19
10
89
Congratulations to the 2nd team for winning their league and commiserations to both the 1st and 4th teams in getting close to promotion but stumbling over the last 2 to 3 games in the season.
The Arden Sunday League
DIVISION 1 - 2022
TEAM
P
w
wcn
t
a
l
lcn
e
BatP
BowlP
Pen
Pts
Attock CC, Warwicks
13
5
2
0
0
5
0
1
36
33
0
159
Sheldon Marlborough CC
12
6
0
0
0
6
0
0
49
42
0
151
Sutton Coldfield CC
12
6
1
0
0
4
1
0
37
39
0
150
Earlswood CC
12
6
0
0
0
5
1
0
45
45
4
140
Standard (Coventry) CC
12
5
0
0
0
7
0
0
44
42
0
136
Nuneaton CC
12
6
0
0
0
5
1
0
34
47
4
131
Warwick CC
12
5
0
0
0
7
0
0
41
37
0
128
Berkswell CC
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
3
1
0
4
The Passing of old Players
With the 2022 season behind us, it requires the recording of the passing of three players. Ken Lancaster on 18th May, Sid Stonehouse a month later, Martin Bloomer died on the 15th August and Andy Thomas died in late October.
A considerable amount has been written about Ken; However, Sid played his early cricket with Sutton Congs & Meths on their ground on Tamworth Road just under the bridge. In later years he became a regular supporter of the top ground teams and you would find him in the kitchen helping out with the players teas. Martin was an outstanding batsman with the 1st team during the 1960’s and the early 1970’s.
A 3rd team member, Andy Thomas passed away in late October 2022 at the age of 55 to 60. Andy had 2 daughters. He was Sunday captain of 3rd team, the Grasshoppers, in a date my son Mark advised me, was in 2004. He left the Club in 2007 or 08 when their friendly cricket became a Development League along with a number of players who became a Wishaw3rd team including Matt Taylor, Hugo Russell, Tony White and Bob Harper except my son Mark who retired from playing cricket.
Martin Bloomer
Martin Bloomer joined the Cricket Club in 1963, having been a most successful young batsman with Streetly C.C. made his debut with the 2nd team, and his ability to score 281 runs in about 4 games resulting in Martin being promotion to the 1st Xl and very quickly replaced Geoff Pritchett as their opening batsman. At the end of the season Martin had completed his thousand runs for the 1st Xl and with an aggregate of 1,300 for the club.
Seasons
Aggregate
Runs
Average
Runs
100’s
Opposition
AGM
Election
1963
1300
109*
Home to Bromsgrove
1964
1204
101*
Away to Coventry & NW
1965
1154
103
Home to Mosley Ashfield
1966
113
Home to Little Aston Stragglers
1967
129
Home to Harborne
1968
623
1969
1970
1360
35.8
159
120*
Away to Walsall, scored in 85 Minutes
Away to Leicester Ivanhoe
Captain
1971
Captain
In late May or early June 1971, although Martin was captain, he walked away from cricket and his employer at Warwickshire Oil Storage and Roger Coombs took on the Captaincy.
I can recall a 1st Xl game that I was umpiring at the bowlers end at Rectory Park in September 1970 against Stafford C.C., Martin opening the batting, facing a, medium pace to quick, bowler who, if I remember correctly, was a Jack Harris. Martin had told me that he considered Jack was a “toffee bowler” and after the 5th over in the match Martin had had faced 3 over from Jack and was very close to a half century. Jack refused Stafford’s captains request to bowl another over as he said “I not bowling at that idiot.” However, a few runs later Martin was out having hit Jack for a series of 4’s and 6’s. Jack immediately advise his captain that he was happy to bowel again, and quickly took 5 Sutton wickets.
It was reported that Martin had died on the 15th August 2022. To me he was one of the most aggressive free scoring right-handed batsman, that I as the umpire had ever watched from behind the stumps. Martin’s aggression was from the 1st Ball of the match.
The Chairman’s Report on the 2022 Season
Thanks to Steve Russell, Treasurer for the detailed report.
As is very evident from the financial report, as a volunteer run club, for non-commercial gain, we have to work hard to stand still. We rely on our members, sponsors and benefactors to support the club to provide playing excellent facilities and coaching for all members, both junior and senior and provide opportunities for all to better themselves or just have good sporting experiences.
The fund-raising initiatives pushed by Rob Haines utilising Sport England Crowdfunding sources, have meant we have been able to buy new site screens, installed new fencing across the bottom ground, a new mower and replace the netting in the nets. We rely heavily on few volunteers who in addition to busy everyday lives commit time and effort to ensure teams, coaching and grounds are maintained. But we need more fresh engagement across the spectrum of the club, social, fundraising/commercial, playing, welfare, girls and ladies cricket.
Your club needs you; it is very simple.
We will continue to provide development opportunities for our junior players. In conjunction with the Andy Biddle Foundation, we have supported nearly 10 young players to achieve coaching qualifications to enable them to coach, develop, earn and put back into the club eco-system.
As a club we aim to be progressive and inclusive and we welcome initiatives that support our development. The club will introduce updates to membership and playing codes of conduct including anti-bullying and ECB Anti -Discrimination codes. Additionally, we will run educational development sessions prior to the commencement of the season to support players, coaches, managers to ensure all are aware of expected behaviour and standards.
The work undertaken by Mike Hepburn and his team of volunteers to get the grounds into working condition – preparing nets for use, mowing and tending to the area outside of the club etc can’t be underestimated. The turnout for leaf collection this weekend will help with both pitches being cleared before the end of November. Thanks, must also go to Jamie Ross, John Robinson, Peter Bell and Neil Houghton for the additional work in front of the club, making sure we have lovely surroundings to enjoy.
Thanks also for the paid work done by Lee Thomason and Phil Oliver to ensure both wickets were in great condition and were able to support the increased volume of cricket played this year. In particular the increased number of age group county matches supported including an Under-18 WCCC 3-day match, the high level of our grounds was a credit to the grounds team.
The club entered teams into all leagues and competitions available – 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th Saturday teams; Sunday 1st XI plus Sunday 2nd team and a Vets team. In addition to junior teams from U10 - U17 and Friday night All Stars…. players representing Sutton Coldfield from 9 through to 59 years old.
We have also had numerous younger players represent either district or county age group teams following in the footsteps of Felix Haines and Shailan Srikanthan who have played in the Warwickshire Emerging players teams.
Thank you for the continued support from the junior section led by Andy Neale, who’s commitment and enthusiasm has benefitted the club immensely. Again, an incredible amount of work put in on a voluntary basis to ensure our young players are supported and developed so that they become and stay as Sutton Coldfield cricketers through their life.
We were saddened by the loss of Ken Lancaster this year. A great influence in his senior years to many players and a shining example of how to keep doing something you love despite age!
We now prepare for 2023 season with indoor nets being arranged, dinner to be organised and budgets being finalised.
We are urgently recruiting for a Welfare officer required for 2023
1st XI 2022 Playing Report
Thanks to Jack for starting as skipper during the summer. He passed the armband to Aaron Thomason mid-season.
After avoiding relegation in 2021 there was a determined push for top half finish in 2022.The season started very well but unfortunately, we lost some momentum towards the end of the year.
The 1st XI finished 3rd with 316 points above close rivals Walmley but behind Attock and Coventry and North Warks, who were promoted into the Birmingham Premier League.
Lee Thomason ended the year as highest run scorer with 837 runs including 4, 50’s and 3, 100’s at an average of 52.31
Jack Smith scored 614 runs at 43.86 and 4 50’s and 1 100.
Raul Ram also contributed with 483 runs always scored at a crucial time.
With the ball Felix Haines led the way with 33 wickets at 20.09, 9th best in the league.
Jacob contributed 25 wickets @ 21.04.
2nd XI 2022 Playing Report
After surviving to remain in Division 5 in 2021, Sutton Coldfield CC 2nd Xl had an amazing turn around and hats off to all that have been involved.
The tables speak for itself, champions of Division 5 the 2nd Xl accumulated 352 points, including 15 wins. A fantastic achievement for the club which tied in with the 175th Anniversary.Certain players were exceptional however it was a squad effort - the time effort and everything that happens in the background was well worth it as a captain objective is to win silverware for the club and that was achieved this year.
Spencer GN - ended up 5th in the league with 704 runs at average of 41.41.
Nadeem Ahmed - ended up with 43 wickets with an average of 13.53.
I would like to thank certain individuals in the club who have given me this opportunity to demonstrate my leadership skills, communication and structure within the 2nd Xl.
Thanks, Nick Baker, for your ongoing support.
James Ross - for having faith and agreeing to give me the opportunity.
Geoff Gray-Nimmo - Fantastic umpire all season for us.
Martin Ball - helping me by being a vice captain.
Jack Smith - sharing and spreading knowledge from the higher leagues along with tactics and experience which has been passed down.
The aim for Division 4 is building on the skeletal, improving in certain areas and making players fight for their position to earn a place in the 2nd Xl.
We are moving in the right direction; However, we will need to plan ahead for: -1. Player recruitment
2. 2nd Xl coach
3. Structure for training batting, bowling and field
My sincere apologies I could not attend today - onwards and upwards for next year.
Nas Ali. 2nd XI Captain
2022 Season SCCC 3rd XI
An early start to a new season in Div 7, following promotion, was a shock to the system, but soon got into winning ways in week 2 with an away win at Attock 4s. The start of the season meant we were missing a few regulars, either due to players still at university, leaving the team or promoted to higher teams and this started to tell as we were starting to experience 50 over games and WL formats for the 1st time in most player cases.
With a fair bunch of our regular experienced players generally unavailable or missing we persevered with a well-earned LD away at a tricky pitch in Moseley against Pickwick P&M just before WLD came in for early summer. By this time, we had already got on the end of a few defeats, with a general failure of amassing too few runs in most cases. Come summer and mid-season we still struggled to field a consistent side with many 4th team players being drafted in to help the 3rds – congratulations and thanks to those 4th team guys for stepping up to helping out, particularly at a time when we were experiencing selection shortfalls higher up in the club.
End of season seen the 3rd team rally and beat 2 strong teams who eventually finished 2nd and 5th in the league, a statement indeed made to all around that SCCC 3rds can play at this level.
All in all, and despite the stats of: 14 Losses, 2 draws, 2 abandoned, 3 wins.
The team did their best given the short comings and should be well prepared for a season of 45 over games in Div 8 next year.
Players of note and worth mentioning:
Will Burford – Batting
Ollie Wright – all rounder
Jacob Lee - all-rounder (mostly 2nd team appearances)
Anuraag Guha – all rounder.
Asim Ashfaq – batting and vice Capt support. Jack HW – Batting.
Dave Hands 3rd XI Captain
Sutton Coldfield 4ths Div 9 North West.
Final Position: 2nd and runners up (promoted?) Won -13. Drawn - 2. Lost -2. Abandoned - 1.A fantastic season, improving from last year’s 3rd position to 2nd and runners up - potentially being promoted (subject to the 3s relegation and divisional splits in the 8th division?).We only lost to Bridge trust old boys 2nds who ended up winning the league and being unbeaten all season - and we almost beat them at home after losing the toss and batting first.
Looking back, this has been a massive achievement as, with being at the bottom of the selection chain, we mostly had a different 11 every week. However, despite this lack of continuity the personnel at disposal bought into the ethos and played some outstanding cricket.Honours were spread across the board every week, with juniors and seniors alike putting in match winning performances. In total, I think 35 players played at differing times for the 4th XI, 15 or 16 were from the junior section.
I would like to thank everybody - players, parents, captains groundsman and the committee for their support this past season. It is greatly appreciated.
Things going forward -
Clarification from the WCL on promotion and relegation status of the 3rd and 4th team.With a burgeoning junior section, the opportunity for adult cricket merged with the growth in adult membership remains in my mind an area that needs attention. A fifth team is a logistical issue due to ground availability, but a 2nd team on a Sunday would be a workable option as we have the ground availability.
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Adopts ECB Anti-Discrimination Code of Conduct - Action for all members.
BY NICK BAKER    29 DECEMBER 2022
To ensure Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club is aligned to ECB guidelines and to provide all our players, members and spectators with a safe and enjoyable environment it was agreed during summer 2022 and ratified at committee meeting and AGM that all members sign up to the Code of Conduct as part of their membership.
When you sign into your Membership via Pitchero you will see an Action Required for each member under your household to agree to the Code of Conduct. Please ensure you read the
Code of Conduct found in documents and tick the agree button from the drop-down menu.
Documents associated to the Code of Conduct can be found on the Website:
SCCC Documents
Sutton Coldfield Cricket ClubSutton Coldfield Cricket Club
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
CONSTITUTION
l. Title
The Cricket Section shall be known as Sutton Coldﬁeld Cricket Club and shall be one of
the constituent sections of Sutton Coldﬁeld Cricket and Hockey Club Limited.
(a) Sutton Coldﬁeld Cricket and Hockey Club is a company limited by guarantee and each paid-up member(s) of the Cricket Club has a liability of one pound. in the event of the Limited Company being wound up.
(b) The Limited Company is controlled by a General Purposes Committee (GPC) who have ultimate control over the Cricket Club, and its appointed officers, and all its Members. The Cricket Club is bound by the Rules of the Limited Company as specified in the Memorandum and Articles of Association.
(c) Sutton Coldﬁeld Cricket Club, hereafter referred to as ‘the Club', shall be affiliated to the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) through the Warwickshire County Cricket Board.
2. Aims and Objectives
(a) Mission Statement
To strive to play cricket at the highest level possible.
To provide cricketing facilities and opportunities for all members of the community, regardless of age, gender, race, nationality or ability.
(b) Aims
(i) To develop the Club through a structured Development Plan.
To foster sportsmanship and team spirit through the game of cricket.
To retain Focus Club and Clubmark status.
(ii) To encourage ladies and girls to start and maintain a place for a ladies’ section.
(iii) To encourage participation by disabled players by developing and strengthen in the whole club environment and promoting cricketing opportunities for disabled people.
(iv) Open the Club facilities to all members of the local community. Developing and promoting cricket for Black, Asian and other ethnic groups.
(v) To enable individual players to improve and develop their skills and abilities and fulfil their cricketing potential by offering good ground and training facilities and structured
coaching at the appropriate level by qualified coaching personnel.
(vi) To foster and promote the sport of cricket at all levels within the community and within
the sport. providing opportunities for recreation, coaching and
(vii) To ensure that all members, playing and non-playing. abide by the ECB Code of
Conduct which incorporates the Spirit of Cricket and the Laws of Cricket.
(viii) To ensure a duty of care to all members of the Club by adopting and implementing the
ECB ‘Safe Hands - Cricket’s Policy for Safeguarding Children' and any future versions of the Policy.
(ix) To ensure a duty of care to all members of the Club by adopting and implementing the ECB Cricket Equity Policy and any future versions of the Policy.
(x) To encourage all members to participate fully in the activities of the Club.
3. Membership
(a) Membership of the Club shall be open to anyone interested in the sport of cricket on application, regardless of sex, age, disability, ethnicity, nationality, sexual orientation, religion or other beliefs. However, limitation of membership according to available facilities is allowable on a non-discriminatory basis.
(b) The Club may have different classes of membership and subscription on a non-discriminatory and fair basis. The Club will keep subscriptions at levels that will not pose a significant obstacle to people participating.
(c) Application for membership must be in writing, proposed and seconded, by two members and be elected to Membership by the Cricket Club Committee.
Applications for Membership shall be made on a dated Application Form and when completed, details of the name of the applicant together with seconder shall be displayed in the Clubhouse for at least seven days prior to the election of the proposed Member by the Cricket Club Committee. No other personal details will be displayed.
(d) No person shall be eligible to take part in the business of the Club or eligible for selection for any club team unless the appropriate subscription has been paid by the specified date or membership has been agreed by the Committee.
(e) The Club Committee may refuse membership, or remove it, only for good cause such as conduct or character likely to bring the Club or cricket into disrepute. Appeal against refusal or removal may be made to the Committee who shall appoint an Appeals Committee to hear the appeal.
(f) All members will be subject to the regulations of the Constitution and by joining the Club will be deemed to accept these regulations and any Codes of Conduct that The Club has adopted. The Constitution shall identify those members eligible to vote at any General Meeting.
(g) A Temporary Membership may be granted to visitors who are involved with cricket
matches, or other organised functions, on the ground, or in the Clubhouse. A visitors'
book is to be present to record any necessary details.
(h) The Membership Secretary shall keep a Register of all Members.
4. Classes of Membership
The membership shall be made up of the following categories.
(a)  Members with voting rights:
Life Member
Vice President
Senior Playing Member (over 18 years of age)
Non-Playing Member (over 18 years of age)
(b) Members without voting rights:
Student Member (in full-time education)
Junior Playing Member (Under 18 years of age at the beginning of the current year)
Social Member
Family Member
Temporary Member
A list of members in each category shall be maintained by the Treasurer and Membership Secretary. Parents, guardians or carers of children who become junior members automatically become Family Members without voting rights.
5. Officers
The Officers of the Club shall be as follows:
Executive Officers:
President
Chairperson
Secretary
Treasurer
Club Welfare Officer
The affairs of the Club shall be conducted by a Management Committee comprising the Executive Officers of The Club and a number of other members elected by Full Members with voting rights of the Club e.g., Ground Chairperson, Captains, Social Secretary, Junior Representatives, Web Site Manager, Membership Secretary, Fixture Secretary, Match Secretary, 1st XI Captain, Vice-Chairperson etc.
Honorary Officers (if applicable):
President — ex offico.
The election of Life Members and Vice Presidents is agreed by the General Committee following a nomination and seconded by two members of the General Committee. subject to ratification by the President and then passed by a majority vote. The award for Life Membership is for long and meritorious service either on or off the ﬁeld of play and for Vice President is for general service to the Club.
6. Election of Officers
All Officers shall be elected at the Annual General Meeting of the Club by the members of the Club with voting rights.
All Officers shall be elected for a period of one year but shall be eligible for re- election to the same office or to another office the following year.
Where there are two or more nominations for the same position, election shall be by a secret ballot and a majority vote of those present at the meeting.
7. Management Committee
The affairs of the Club shall be conducted by a Management Committee comprising of:
The Executive Officers of the Club and a number of other members elected by Full
Members of the Club with voting rights.
Only these members of the Committee shall be entitled to vote at Committee meetings. The Management Committee will be convened by the Secretary and shall be held at agreed intervals and not less than four times per year. The quorum required for business to be agreed at Committee meetings shall be five (5) persons, to include at least two Executive Officers
The duties of the Committee shall be:
To control the affairs of the Club on behalf of the members.
a) To keep accurate accounts of the finances of the Club through the Treasurer. These should be available for reasonable inspection by members and should be audited before every Annual General Meeting. The Club shall maintain a bank current account and the following Officers shall be authorised to sign club cheques. The Treasurer and one or other of the Chairperson and Secretary.
b) To co-opt additional members onto the Committee as the Committee feel is necessary. Co-opted members shall not be entitled to a vote on the Committee and shall serve until the next Annual General Meeting.
c) To make decisions on the basis of a simple majority vote. In the case of equal votes, the Chairperson shall be entitled to the casting vote.
d) The Management Committee will appoint five members to serve on the General Purposes Committee
The Secretary shall maintain an Attendance Register, a summary of which shall be available at the Annual General Meeting.
The Committee shall have powers to appoint sub-committees as necessary and to co-opt advisers who may be non-club members invited to advise on specialist subjects.
An elected Committee member ceases to be such if they relinquish membership of the Club, resign by written notice, or is removed by the Committee for good cause after the member concerned has been given the chance of putting their case to the Committee. Appeal against removal may be made to the Appeals Committee. The Committee shall fairly decide time limits and formalities for these steps. The Appeals Committee shall comprise of three people appointed on an ad hoc basis.
The Committee has the power subject to The GPC Articles of Association to:
(a) Acquire and provide grounds, equipment, coaching, training and playing facilities, clubhouse, transport, medical and related facilities.
(b) Provide coaching, training, medical treatment, and related social and other facilities
(c) Take out any required insurance for club players.
(d) Raise funds by appeals, subscriptions, loans, charges and grants
(e) Borrow money and give security for the same and open bank accounts
(f) Set aside funds for special purposes or as reserves.
(g) Invest funds in any lawful manner
(h) Employ and engage staff and others and provide services.
(I) Co-operate with or affiliate of any bodies regulating or organising the sport of cricket or any club or body involved with cricket and with Government and related agencies.
(j) Undertake whatever is reasonably necessary to advance the aims and objectives of The Club.
None of the above powers may be used other than to advance the Aims and Objectives in a manner consistent with The Constitution and as required by Law.
8. General Meetings
(i) ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The Annual General Meeting of The Club shall be held not later than the end of November each year. No more than fifteen months shall expire between such meetings. Twenty-one (21) clear day written notice of the Annual General Meeting shall be given to members by circulating a copy of the notice to every member at their home address, or via email, and posting the notice on The Club notice board.
Members must advise the Secretary in writing of any other business to be moved at the Annual General Meeting at least fourteen (14) days before a meeting. The Secretary shall circulate or give notice of the agenda for the meeting to members not less than fourteen (14) days before the meeting.
The business of the Annual General Meeting shall be to:
(a) Presentation of Chairperson's and Secretary's reports.
(b) Receive and approve the accounts for the year from the Treasurer.
(c) Confirm the minutes of the previous Annual General Meeting.
(d) Elect the Officers of the Club (The President, Chairperson etc.).
e) Review the Club subscription rates and agree them for the forthcoming year.
f) Transact such other business received in writing by the Secretary from members fourteen to twenty-one (14/21) days prior to the meeting and included on the agenda.
Nominations of candidates for election of Officers shall be made in writing to the Secretary at least fourteen (14) days in advance of the Annual General Meeting date. Nominations can only be made by Full Members and seconded by Full Members with voting rights.
(ii) Extraordinary General Meetings may be convened by the Committee or on receipt by the Secretary of a request in writing from not less than ten (10) Full Members with voting rights at least twenty-one (21) days’ notice of the meeting shall be given.
At all General Meetings, the Chair will be taken by the Chairperson or, in their absence. by a deputy appointed by Full Members with voting rights attending the meeting. Decisions made at a General Meeting shall be by a simple majority vote from those Full Members with voting rights attending the meeting. In the event of equal votes. the Chairperson of the meeting shall be entitled to an additional casting vote.
A quorum for a General Meeting shall be fifteen (15) Full Members with voting rights and Officers of the Club including at least two (2) from the Chair, Secretary and Treasurer.
Only Full Members with voting rights of the Club shall be entitled to a vote at General Meetings.
9. Alterations to the Constitution
Any proposed alterations to the Club Constitution must be submitted to the GPC for ratification and then considered at an Annual or Extraordinary General Meeting, convened with the required written notice of not less than one month of the proposal. Any alteration or amendment must be proposed by a Full Member with voting rights of the Club and seconded by another Full Member with voting rights. Such alterations shall be passed it supported by not less than two-thirds of those Full Voting Members present at the meeting, assuming that a quorum has been achieved.
10. Finance
(a) All club monies shall be banked in an account in the name of the Club
(b) The Treasurer shall be responsible for all the finances of the Club and for providing a report on the financial position as required by the Committee
(c) Subject to Committee approval the Treasurer may if required delegate the management of sub-committee funds.
(d) The Treasurer shall ensure that the Club maintains adequate and appropriate insurance to cover the activities of The Club.
(e) The financial year will end on October 31st.
(f) The Treasurer will present the statement of annual accounts at the Annual General Meeting.
(g) Any cheque drawn against club funds should hold the signatures of the Treasurer and either the Chairperson or Secretary.
(h) Annual Subscriptions will be agreed at the AGM to cover all classes of membership. This can be delegated to the Management Committee.
(I) Match fees, which may include the payment of match teas, will be determined by the Management Committee.
11 Property and Funds
(a) The property comprising the buildings on both grounds is owned and maintained by the GPC.
(b) The funds of the Cricket Club cannot be used for the direct or indirect private beneﬁt of members other than as reasonably allowed by the Constitution. All surplus income or profits shall be reinvested in the Club.
(c) The Club may also in connection with the sports purposes of the Club:
Sell and supply food, drink and related sports clothing and equipment.
Employ members and remunerate them for providing goods and services, on fair terms set by the Committee without the person concerned being present.
Pay for reasonable hospitality for visiting teams and guests.
Indemnify the Committee and members acting properly in the course of the running of The Club against any liability incurred, but only to the extent of its assets.
12. Discipline and Appeals
All complaints regarding the conduct of members should be lodged in writing with the Secretary. These will be dealt with in accordance with the disciplinary procedure laid out in the Fixture Book and displayed in the Clubhouse.
13. Dissolution (Subject to the GPC Articles of Association)
(a) If at any General Meeting of The Club, a resolution be passed calling for the dissolution of the Club, the Secretary shall immediately convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Club to be held not less than thirty-one (31) days thereafter but within six weeks of the hearing of the resolution.
(b) If at that Extraordinary Meeting. the resolution is carried by at least two—thirds of the Full Voting Membership present at the meeting, the Committee shall thereupon, or at such a date as shall have been specified in the resolution, proceed to realise the assets of the Cricket Club and discharge all debts and liabilities of the Cricket Club.
(c) The Management Committee will then be responsible for the orderly winding up of the Club’s affairs.
Chapter XX1 – 2023 Season
Annual General Meeting of the 24th November 2022
The Cricket Club’s AGM took place in the Pavilion on Thursday 24th November 2022 at which about 25 members with our President in the Chair. The following Club official were re-elected on block as follows: - However this left 2 vacancies, Junior Chair & Welfare
Chairman Nick Baker
SecretaryRoy Hopwood
TreasuresSteve Russell
Last year’s AGM minutes were approved.
The Chairman gave a detailed activity of last season and thank many members, by name for various tasks they gave in support of the Club. The secretary gave a brief report followed by the Treasure who presentation of the clubs’ activities was very well present, with considerable details. It was the first occasion at an AGM that no financial questions were raised by the members.
Resume of the Budget Progress
Income
Actual 2022
Budget 22
Expenses
Actual 2022
Budget 22
Play Cricket
£34,237
£24,787
Play Cricket
£28,406
£21,298
Donations
£2,528
£1,500
Ground
£17,920
£17,800
Sponsorship
£15,606
£9,100
Misc. Expenses
£17,068
£6,555
Other Income
£10,013
£7,275
Totals
£62,384
£42,662
£63,394
£45,653
Deficit
-£1,088
Notes to the Accounts
Miscellaneous Income (Main Items)
200 Club £1135.00
Easy Fundraising - £408.00
Raffle - £450.00
Fitness Training Subs - £540.00 (Costs for this included in the Coaching figure)
Caps - £360.00
Venue Hire - £227.00
Miscellaneous Expenditure (Main Items)
Sight Screen & Covers - £3987.00
Pitchero Fees - £1698.00
Scoreboard - £420.00
BBQ & Cover - £326.00
BBQ Costs - £402.00
Flag - £276.00
Catering Costs - £484.00
WCB Dinner - £190.00
Classes of Membership
Changes to Classes of Membership and Voting Rights, proposed by the committee and presented by the Secretary as follows: -
The membership shall be made up of the following categories.
(a)  Members with voting rights:
Vice-President (1) (1b)
Life Member (1) (1c)
Adult Member Playing (over 18 years of age)
Adult Member Non-Playing (over 18 years of age) (2)
Household Membership (Playing) (3) (5)
(b) Members without voting rights:
Student Member (Over 18 years of age at the beginning of the academic year and in full-time education)
Junior Member (Under 18 years of age at the beginning of the academic year)
Household Membership (Non-Playing) (4) (5)
Social Member (6)
Temporary Member (7)
(1). Nominations for (a) Life Members or (b) Vice-President must first be submitted to The President together with the name of (a) The Proposer and (b) The Seconder. Once the nominee(s) is/are ratified by The President they are then referred to the Management Committee for agreement and then passed by a majority vote.
1(b). The award for Vice President is for general service to the Club.
1(c). The award for Life Membership is for long and/or meritorious service either on or off the ﬁeld of play.
(2). An Adult Member Non-Playing is a registered Member of the Club who is over 18 years of age and actively participates in the Club's activities, including administration, coaching, management but does not participate in a game of cricket.
(3). A Family Member (Playing) is a registered Member of the Club who is over 18 years of age, and is the parent, guardian, or carer of children who are registered junior members and actively participates in the Club's activities, including administration, coaching, management etc.
(4). A Household Membership (Non-Playing) is the parent, guardian, or carer of children who are registered junior members but do not actively participate in the Club's activities.
(5). A Household Membership consists of up to two adults and up to three children under 18 years of age. Each additional child will incur an additional membership fee.
(6). A Social Member will be granted Full Voting Rights when that member actively participates in the Club's activities, including administration, coaching, or management (including as a Committee Member) etc.
(7). A Temporary Membership may be granted to visitors who are involved with cricket
matches, or other organised functions, on the ground, or in the Clubhouse. A visitors'
book is to be present to record any necessary details.
A list of members in each category shall be maintained by the Treasurer and Membership Secretary. Parents, guardians, or carers of children who become junior members will automatically be granted Household Membership without voting rights.
A vote was taken and the proposal was passed with no objections or abstentions.
Parking Charges proposed by Birmingham C.C. for Rectory Park
Birmingham City Council have for a number of months been considering car park charges for both Sutton and Rectory Parks. We have a new Councillor in Richard Parkin who’s Ward Rectory Park now falls’ within.
A couple of discussion took place between the Sutton Coldfield Cricket & Hockey Club management and Richard during the last quarter of 2022. A strongly worded letter, objecting to any parking charges being imposed in Rectory Park by BCC. The letter pointed out that Rectory Park was a sporting environment available to all living, not just in Sutton Coldfield, but the eastern conurbation of Birmingham.
The BCC met on 8th January 23 to discuss Parking Charges, and we were delighted to receive back from Richard that Cllr Majid Mahood, who has the responsibility for parks had dropped their plans to introduce parking at both Rectory Park and Sutton Park. The response was so negative on the feedback received from residents, plus the cost-of-living issues had forced a rethink of their plans. Cllr Parkin referred to our letter, stating that it will have undoubtedly contributed to the wave of negative reaction to the car parking charge
Obituary to Paul Francis McCarthy
Paul Francis McCarthy was born on 7th September 1934, the youngest of 5 children born to Harold and Jean McCarthy (nee Shaw). He was predeceased by his brothers John and David and his sisters Lorema and Jeanette.
Paul was educated at Downside where he won a scholarship to Oxford University at Hertford College to read Law. While at Hertford he represented them at cricket, hockey and table tennis. On leaving College he was articled to Herbert William Lyde of GT Smith & Lyde, and passed the Law Society finals in 1958.
Once qualified, he was called up for National Service into the Army and was posted to Hong Kong. However, he never disclosed to the military that he was a lawyer preferring to spend his time as a private rather than being commissioned to work within military law – King’s Regulations. Paul did distinguish himself by representing, the Army in Hong Kong at hockey in their 2nd Xl and in the 1st Xl. Unfortunately, while in Hong Kong, he contracted Meningitis, which was to trouble him for many years after he was demobilised from the Army in the Autumn of 1960. Once back in the UK, he re-joined Scadding, Jessop & Loffet and became a partner in April 1964 – However on the deaths of Jessop and Scadding, Paul took over the firm as a Self-Practitioner, specialising in conveyancing.
Paul retired in 1994 and took great pleasure in travelling all over the world but in particular to Italy on what became a regular event to see operas. I can recall how enthralled he was after visiting the outdoor arena in Verona, to watch a performance of Verdi’s Aida. Not just the music but the size of the cast and yet the arena never looked crowded. Paul was really captivated. He visited his family in Ireland on a regular basis over a 20 plus year period and his nieces and nephews in France. He expressed many times his fondness for Ireland and its people and took a keen interest in researching his family history. He used his visits to Ireland to try and trace his Irish ancestors, but with the burning down of the Public Record Office of Ireland at the Four Courts in 1922 many of the census records were lost. This resulted in Paul contacting numerous Parish Priests to see their records of births, deaths and marriages.
Paul was scrupulously honest, an impeccable timekeeper, totally reliable and a great conversationalist able to discuss any topic, he was extremely well read but at times shook his fist at a world full of people that didn’t share these traits. Some may have thought that he drank a little too much, but others considered Paul to be somewhat a connoisseur on red wines.
Paul was an outstanding Hockey player, first with Aldridge and then with Sutton Coldfield and represented Staffordshire many times. mainly at left back, which is regarded as one of the most difficult positions in the game. In later years he captained the Sutton Coldfield Sunday side between 1970-71 season and 1978-79 season. He was also regular tourist with the Sutton Club to the Weymouth Easter Festival under the name of “The Strollers”.
Paul also supported the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club and was a scorer for the 1st and 2nd Xls for a number of seasons, but I don’t recall that he ever played cricket for the Sutton Club. When the Sutton Coldfield Cricket & Hockey Clubs amalgamated to form a limited company in 1970 this coincided in the construction of a new pavilion, the one you see today, replacing some 5 buildings including an outside toilet. Paul was the Company Solicitor who drew up the Articles of Association.
Paul moved from Aldridge to reside in Thornhill Road while looking after his sick mother for many years and then his sister, Lorema, who was diagnosed with MS shortly after his mother died. This took a toll on Paul, but he took care of them both until the end, before moving to live in Coles Lane after Lorema, passed away, so as to be near the town centre as he had given up driving.
Sad to say in the last few years he became very reserved and isolated especially when he moved to Churchill Retirement Living on Church Road, Boldmere, but Paul loved living on his own and was very content in his own company. His Irish family epitaph on Paul was that he had a deep belief in honesty and a high degree of respect for the truth. He applied these principles to himself and those around him. This sometimes meant that he came into conflict with people he believed were not honest or truthful, but he was always true to himself and his own sense of integrity.
He passed away on the 30th November 2022, age 88 leaving 6 nieces and nephews. They were David’s children, Astrid, Eric and Patrick who live in France and John’s children Fergus, Kathryn and Judith who lives in Donegal in North West Ireland and who organised the funeral arrangements.
As they say in Ireland –Ní fheicfimid a leithéid arís. Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam. Translated: We will never see the like again. May his soul be at the right hand of God.
Peter Bell & Judith McCarthy2nd February 2023
Annual Cricket Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club Annual Dinner
This was the first occasion that the annual dinner was held in April on the 6th at Moor Hall Golf Club, rather than the last Friday in January or the first Friday in February.
This was due to the concern members had about Covid, which was the reason than no annual dinner was held in the 2020 and 21 seasons.
SUTTON COLDFIELD CRICKET CLUB
Lovers of cricket, we’re back once more
To reflect on last season in the game we adore
In fact, in the year since I last did this grace,
The sport has developed at a dizzying pace.
The last time we met, England were down on their knees,
Beaten at home and then twice overseas.
Since then, New Captain, Coach, style and all
The answer to the problems, they call it Baz Ball.
Back in our day, you played yourself in,
Now that load of old cobblers has gone in the bin.
Our President, I saw him, had a pretty defence,
Hitting out straight away would have made him all tense.
But despite the misgivings, it’s worked like a charm,
Chasing down huge totals with enormous calm.
Bairstow was amazing, Brook looks like a star,
And the old buggers still bowling are the best by far.
Our guest for this evening has been part of that team,
For a decade, the Brummie Botham’s been living our dream.
However, as a youngster, against Sutton he played,
A local derby at Walmley and tempers were frayed.
We won’t hold it against him cos’ he’s done a fine job,
Even if on that day, I think I called him a knob!
So, I’m sorry for that Chris, and have a great year,
Season started today and league cricket now near.
Two things on our wish list for 2023,
Number 1, to see Sutton at the top of the tree.
The second sight for which we all yearn,
Is to see Stokesey with a smile and holding the urn.
Lord, we thank you, for good food, good wine and lively chat
And keep us playing with a nice straight bat.
Amen
Grace was said by Michael Dixon in his usually entertaining manner, followed by an excellent meal attractive to look at enjoyable to consume.
Paul Greetham provided our principal guest Chris Woakes with many searching questions, in which Chris referred to his love of cricket goes back to the days, when as a very young boy going to Aston Manor Cricket Club with his parents and brother where the Club was not just a cricket club but the family’s social venue. He moved to Walmley, on the suggestion of the WCCC, so that he would play in a stronger level of cricket. Once he joined the County and playing for a living everything changed. It was in to not that Chris is only 1 of 8 cricketers whose name appear on both the Lords Honour Boards, scoring a century and taking 10 wickets in a game. A marvelous achievement.
Our Chairman, Nick gave a rundown on the Club and how well we had got through Covid since the last dinner held at the end of the 2019 season, highlighting some outstanding performances by both teams and induvial players.
Award winners were: -
Trophies Recipients
Terry Matthews ........................   Shailan Srikanthan
Presidents Cup.. Club Person…   Ian Hay
10 Not Out ...............................    Colin Greetham, Colin was unwell and the trophy was presented in his absence to his son Paul.
175th Anniversary Award ……   James Ross
2nd XI Division 5 Champions Cup to Vice Captain Martin Ball. (Captain Nas Ali absent)
Heads and Tails...George Dyche.
2023 MEMBERSHIP NOW DUE
Reminder BY NICK BAKER, Chairman
Please visit the club shop online to pay your membership. £130 (monthly payment available)
Please visit the club shop on the Sutton Coldfield CC Website to pay annual subscriptions.
Sutton Coldfield CC Club Shop
Your annual membership enables, selection for teams, covers club insurance, coaching and helps maintain the fantastic facilities - grounds, nets, wickets and equipment.
Many thanks for your continued support.
The Syd & Lily Stonehouse Clock
Sheryl White, the daughter of Lily & Syd Stonehouse presented the Cricket Club with an outdoor clock that is 90 cm in diameter and will be seen clearly across the ground. Sheryl presentation was in memory of her parents who died recently.
Syd who played most of his cricket with the SC, C&M who had a ground on the Tamworth Road with an entrance just under the railway bridge, B75 6DG, now the home of Sutton United Tennis Club.
However, Syd was a regular visitor to Rectory Park to watch cricket.
Lily was also a regular visitor to Rectory Park and a supporter of the Friends Of Rector Park for many years.
The Syd & Lily Stonehouse Clock
_____________________________________
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, The Clubhouse Rectory Park, Rectory Road, The Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield B75 7RSTelephone 0121 378 1294Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club, The Clubhouse Rectory Park, Rectory Road, The Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield B75 7RSTelephone 0121 378 1294
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club,
The Clubhouse
Rectory Park, Rectory Road,
The Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield B75 7RS
Telephone 0121 378 1294
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club,
The Clubhouse
Rectory Park, Rectory Road,
The Royal Town of Sutton Coldfield B75 7RS
Telephone 0121 378 1294
Sutton ColdfieldWest MidlandsB74 2NBDear Life Member
I do hope you are well and looking forward to the forthcoming season.  The weather has not been very friendly towards ground preparation. The first round of league fixtures last Saturday has been postponed until later in the season.Thanks to the continued generosity of members we were able to undertake some excellent infrastructure projects in 2022.  There is now attractive fencing in part around the ground.  We purchased two sightscreens and were able to give the nets a comprehensive overhaul. We also purchased a mower/roller for the squares.  In 2023 we propose to refurbish the score box and the lower ground Astro turf.  Also under consideration is continuation of the fencing project.I very much look forward to seeing you at Rectory Park during the season.  I shall be hosting President’s Day v Solihull Municipal on Saturday July 8th.  This will also double up as a former players’ lunch.  Please let me know if you wish to attend the lunch.I fully appreciate that the cost of living is affecting us all.  However, if you are able to make a donation it would be hugely appreciated. Either by sending a cheque to myself or by an electronic transfer to the club’s account.Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club.  HSBC sort code 40 43 28 a/c 21767917Thank you for your continued support.Very best wishesJames RossPresident, Sutton Coldfield CC0749 553 9668james.ross125@icloud.com
----------------------------
The Club hosted the first Inter County LGBTQ+ Cricket Tournament.
The Country’s LGBTQ+ tournament in Birmingham is hailed
a success – and sends a powerful sporting inclusion message
Warwickshire celebrated Pride month in style by hosting the first ever LGBTQ, cricket tournament, with Middlesex crowned inaugural champions.
Sides representing five county clubs Warwickshire. Worcestershire, Gloucestershire, Middlesex and Northamptonshire - competed in the event at Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club on Sunday 11th June 23.
Around 200 spectators were present, contributing to a festival feel for the eight-a-side T10 tournament. Middlesex lifted the Inaugural trophy after progressing through the round-robin format undefeated with their players coming from Graces CC. the world's first LGBTQ+ cricket club, which was founded in 1996.
A late downpour brought a premature end to the event - washing out the final round of games - and at one stage the West Midlands Air Ambulance stopped play as it landed on the outfield to collect paramedics from the nearby Good Hope Hospital.
But nothing could detract from the success of the event, which was organised by Warwickshire Cricket in conjunction with Birmingham Unicorns, one of only two LGBTQ+ cricket clubs in the UK.
Unicorns chair Lachlan Smith said: "This is a big achievement: a great crowd turned up, there was some good quality cricket on show, and it demonstrates there is a big appetite in the LGBTQ+ community to play and support cricket”.
"Warwickshire came up with the Idea. It's been hard work pulling it together, but so worthwhile. We're highlighting that cricket is a game for all. We want to encourage more LGBTQ+ people to come and watch, umpire, score and play”.
"If we've opened just a few eyes in the LGBTQ+ community that cricket is a sport for them then it's been a success”.
"Cricket has its challenges, some are well documented, but LGBTQ+ inclusion has come on leaps and bounds in the last few years. The direction of travel is very positive."
International umpire and former England player Sue Redfern took charge of one game having hot-footed over from New Road, Worcester, where she had been officiating in the Charlotte Edwards Cup final. A week earlier she had become the Vitality Blast's first female umpire.
Redfern added: it was important for me to be here today. It's another milestone in LGBTQ+ sport and cricket's journey to becoming Inclusive for all.
"LGBTQ+ people may have thought cricket isn't for them because they don't see it, they don't see participation in the network. That's why this is fabulous for the game, the visibility It brings and that will encourage others to get involved.
"There is still work to do, no doubt, but by doing this it sends a message that we won't tolerate non-Inclusive behaviour. It's been a long time coming but we're here and we can build on this."
Warwickshire CCC's high performance manager Paul Greetham, the newly appointed vice-chair of the ECB's LGBTQ+ Committee, said: "it's great to see so many people here from the LGBTQ+ community involved, playing a sport, they love and being their authentic selves. This is my home club, I’ve played here for 20 years, so this is a proud moment for me.
"This is a community that's felt under-represented in sport. But Warwickshire and Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club have thrown open their arms, saying it doesn't matter who you are, how you identify, what your background is, or who you hold hands with on the boundary rope - this is a sport for you."
----------------------------
Presidents Day
Our President, James Ross had invited past players and Life Members to join him for a Fork & Finger Buffet at 3 pm and to share wine with him on the 8th July, while the 1st team Xl were entertaining Solihull Municipal. This is the second consecutive season that rain has interfered with the cricket.
The First Win in sight was Defeated by a Horrendous Rain Storm.
The 1st team have not been having the best of season, due to a number of players seeking other opportunities. However, the game on Saturday 8th July 23, the tide appeared to have turned. Sutton batting first, scored 220 all out in 44.5 overs; Dhruv Malhi 47, Yuvrajsinh Shinol 46 and Aaron Thomason 64. Solihull Municipal in reply were 54 for 5 wickets after 29 overs (Aaron Thomason 2 for 23 runs in 11 overs and Smir Shabir 2 for 10 in 8 overs)
The heaviest rain storm arrived flooding the ground in less than 15 minutes. Sutton had a winning draw with 16 points and Municipal 6 point in a losing draw. The storm had robbed us of a potential first win in the season, but if that was not bad enough the league penalized the Club 10 points for playing an ineligible player.
“They say it never rains but it pours.”
A 1726 quotation by Alexander Pope and Jonathan Swift
----------------------------
Mid-Season - Selection Update by our Chairperson, Nick Baker on 14th July 23
A message regarding selection to all players at Sutton Coldfield CC.
This has been a difficult season with three of our adult teams languishing near the bottom of their respective league tables. During winter we lost several players from the club through a variety of reasons, and several of them from the 1st XI. This has obviously had an impact on results across all the teams, with several players having to play at a higher standard than they may have envisaged at the start of the season.
We have managed to recruit some talented young players and with our own very successful youth squads at the club the future is definitely bright!
However, we have had several players who this year who when asked to step up to a higher-level team and have declined the opportunity and have therefore not supported the club in its overall aims to be successful across all of the respective divisions.
For those who are unsure of the priorities within the club, our main aim is to keep the first XI in the Warwickshire Premier league, followed by aiming to keep the second Xl in the current division, followed by the third X1 and the fourth Xl.
With this in mind the decision has been taken from the chairman, the cricket manager and the first team captain to take responsibility for the selection of all four Saturday teams with the input of each of the captains, with the clear aim to get the strongest possible teams out on a Saturday with the priority being the 1st Xl.
This approach although drastic will help to give our teams the best chance of staying up in their respective decisions.
Based on this, ALL players need to make sure that they have completed their availability on Pitchero by Sunday evening, enabling the captains and myself to start to prepare selection for the following Saturday.
Based on availability teams will be selected, if you are suddenly unavailable to play for the team you have been selected in, you will not be considered for selection at all that weekend (including Sundays).
There will always be some exceptional circumstances players may consider making them unavailable be these need to be communicated to myself (Rob Haines) ASAP. Based on this we will endeavour to produce solutions that enable us to field as strong as teams as possible.
I hope you are all able to support this approach to give us the best chance of success.
Thanks for your co-operation.
RegardsRob, Nick and Aaron
----------------------------
The Warwickshire Cricket League v The Warwickshire County Club
The Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club hosted a 20-twenty over match between the County’s 1st team (The Bears) and a represented side of our league with Lee Thomason being in the leagues team on Tuesday 1st August 2023.
Prior to the game that commenced at 5 pm a soft ball competition was held on the lower ground for youngsters of both genders with a number of coloured gazebos erected on the ground.
The Bears were invited to bat first and scored 230 runs with some mighty hitting with at least 6 sixes, with the ball being hit out of the ground. The league side in their reply struggled a little against real first team bowlers, but they performed admirably to finish with 150 runs on the board. The Bears were generous in the last two overs by bowling slow, (probably spin bowlers) allowing the WCCL side to show what they could do with the occasional bowlers. This was much to the delight of the spectators and the youngsters with a number of sixes being achieved. After the game the youngsters mingled with the players collecting autographs.
The event ran smoothly, using both grounds, showed our facilities and what is available at SCCC and to the local community. A lot of planning must have gone into organising the event.  I don’t normally enter my personal view on what is the history of SCCC, but on this occasion I attended the event with my old colleague of the 1970’s - 80’s, Bob Strachan and we both enjoyed sitting on the bench, thought the afternoon, talking about the past and what we missed when you compare cricket of today. A great day’s cricket.
The attendance had been, as an estimate, around 300 to 400 adult present and well over 150 youngsters watching the game, with the nets being used as a Bar-b-que production unit. I don’t normally mention bar financial figures but over £4,000 were taken at the event.
A quick financial overview of £920 from entrance which was voluntary and hat sales plus £965 from the Bar-b-que less costs for meat, bread rolls and gas estimated at £430 and the cost of catering for players and guests £350.
----------------------------
The club received a number of tributes and I quote as follows: -
What Warwickshire County Cricket Club had to Say!
Bears Roadshow enjoyed another successful outing as hundreds of people flocked to Sutton Coldfield for an evening of cricket and community fun.
A strong Bears side – including Club captain Will Rhodes, Jake Lintott and Rob Yates – took on a Best of Warwickshire League XI in a T20 clash at the Rectory Park ground on Tuesday (1 Aug).
They came out on top by 66 runs after Ed Barnard (89 off 42 balls) and Hamza Shaikh (50 off 26) powered the Bears set a target of 230. Solihull Blossomfield CC all-rounder Chris Kenny scored a half century in just 14 balls but the hosts’ chase fell short on 164/7.
But there was also plenty of off-field fun as the event started with an under-10s softball competition before Bears players spent time coaching youngsters, signing autographs and posing for photographs.
Sutton Coldfield CC Chair Nick Baker said: “It was a great occasion and a fantastic advert for cricket. The players joined our softball game and spent time coaching the youngsters, taking selfies with fans and signing autographs. “There was a big crowd, several hundred people, and a lovely atmosphere. Everyone I spoke to had a great time and it would be brilliant to see the Bears back at our club again in the near future.” There was also a welcome sight for Bears fans as Liam Norwell opened the bowling as he continues his recovery from a back injury. Norwell took the first wicket while 17-year-old Theo Wylie – who’s signed a rookie contract with Warwickshire for Metro Bank One Day Cup – took 2/15 and fellow newcomer Michael Booth also claimed a wicket.
Bears First Team Coach Mark Robinson, said: “We want to maintain strong links with our local sides, inspiring future generations of cricketers, so taking the Club out into the community with events like this are really important.”
What the WCCL had to Say!
The Warwickshire League representative side will feature leading players from clubs including Aston Manor, Bedworth, Handsworth, Olton and West Warwickshire, Rugby, Stratford-upon-Avon, Streetly, Sutton Coldfield and Walmley.
Warwickshire Cricket Board’s Schools Participation Manager Chris Kenny – who plays for Solihull Blossomfield – is also set to take on his Bears colleagues.
David Woakes, Cricket & Grounds Chairman for the Warwickshire League, said: “We are really looking forward to another great fixture against the Bears as last year’s fixture was played in great spirit and allowed so many of our players to show their talent and ability.
“This year we have tried to ensure that we have an event split of the top players in our league. Our options for selection have been great, giving some real selection headaches and we are confident in the team being able to put in another strong performance.
“Sutton Coldfield is a fantastic community club, who do a lot within their local area. They have a great youth section and it will be fantastic to see the Bears players provide coaching at such a great venue.”
Notice
There is very limited car parking at Sutton Coldfield CC and spectators are encourage to use public transport. Sutton railway station is a 12-minute walk from the ground, plus there is more parking in the town centre.
The game is free to attend but there is a suggested £5 donation for adults.
----------------------------
The County side with our Chair Nick Baker on the extreme left and our President James Ross eight in from the left, with some of the youngsters.
A massive thanks goes out to the team at Sutton Coldfield. The facilities and community engagement were excellent and an absolute credit to themselves and us as a league. The support that was there on the evening from SCCC and other clubs was tremendous and from the feedback we had everyone greatly enjoyed the event.
Thanks again, Dave Woakes
Watching the game from the seating in front of the Pavilion with the Bears batting
----------------------------
A Vandel Strikes
It some years since the Club suffered from any vandalism but after the game on the 1st August during the early hours of the 2nd August, around 1-am, the Bar Manager, John Howard, received a call from our alarm company advising John that the Pavilion alarm had been activated. It appeared that the culprit(s) made his/her exit via the fire door in the lounge.
A Vandals Night Attack
The Damage
The Repair
A window had been broken and after an attempt to enter by interfering with the main entrance. The only goods stolen were the two charity tins that sat on the outside of bar service counter; the Air Ambulance and ACORNS, neither would have much cash inside as the Bar is card only. Guesstimate at £10
Also, the public telephone box, but it is rarely used as most park users have mobile phones. The damage was repaired later that morning.
----------------------------
Obituary to Barrymore James Stokes
Barrymore James Stokes was simply known as Barry who was born on the 25th February 1930, and served 2-year National Service in the Royal Air Force, where his administration talent was recognised. He started his career in the motor industry with British Leyland at Longbridge and at Cowley, in Oxford working in their advertising and publicity business before becoming their manager until he left in 1966 to join James Beattie department store in Wolverhampton. There he worked his way to become the stores Assistant General Manager in the Mander Centre before being transferred in 1975 to open the new Beattie’s store in the Gracechurch Centre in Sutton Coldfield as their General Manager.
In 1953 Barry married Peggy and had a son David and a daughter Sue, but they were divorced soon after the family arrived to live in Walmley, Sutton Coldfield. Barry was the most well-turned-out gentleman, very smart and always in a suit and would hold conversation with any person regardless of their appearance. He was a gentleman who simply gather friends.
As soon as Barry came to reside in Sutton Coldfield, he moved from Beacon Cricket Club to join the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club playing in their 2nd and 3rd Xl on Sundays. But the domestic arrangements with his ex-wife caused Barry to move his allegiance to Walmley Cricket Club, where his administration abilities were a great asset to his new club. In 1987 Barry became their Chair and in 1992 he was Chair again for 5 years, 1992 to 1996 inclusive, to be elected their President in 1997 until 2012, a period of 16 years.
Barry was also a member of the Management Board of Birmingham & District Premier Cricket League, from its inception in 1998 until 2009. Throughout that period, he was a member of the Ground & Facility Audit Committee. In 2008, Barry was appointed President of BDPCL.
He was also Chair and, on the Ground, & Facility Audit Committee of the Warwickshire Sunday League, until it was wound up in 2019. Barry was also a social member of Water Orton Cricket Club and would often been seen there most Sunday morning throughout the year.
In 2003 Barry married Christine and went to live in the outskirts of Tamworth, before moving back to reside in Sutton in June 2019. He passed away on the 29th June 2023 at the age of 93.
Peter Bell
19 August 2023.
Obituary to Peter Yates
Peter Joseph Yates was born on the 9th September 1930 in Sutton Coldfield and marred Pat on 29th October 1955 and had a son, Paul. Peter was educated at Bishop Vesey Gramar School and became a regular player in the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club 1st team in 1953 as a left arm medium to fast swing bowler who moved the ball both ways and was a very useful batsman and his record speaks for itself.
Looking through the club’s historical records, Peter’s name first appears in the first Xl in 1953 playing on both Saturdays and Sundays for 14 seasons until the end of the 1962 season.
He played mainly in the 2nd team in 1963, before returning to the 1st team for 1964 to 67 seasons. He again returned to the 2nd team as their captain in 1968 and remained with that side until the end of the 1970 season. Peter continued playing infrequently for the 3rd Xl until the end of the 1978 season.
Peter’s bowling record from the club’s records book based on the season averages which covered the top 3 or 4 players averages. Peter was the top bowler in 1956 and 57, although his highest number of wickets in a season was 39 and 37 respectively at a cost of 13.7 and 16.3 runs per wicket.
Peter Yates
Peter, while in the 1st team took a minimum total of 370 wickets at an average 17.1 from over 2,500 overs outstanding achievement when you consider that the club had the bowling of Olsen and Pellow, who each took around 100 wicket per season with an average of around 15, but more important they took a wicket every 4 overs and 3 balls. Nevertheless, Peter playing in the 1st & 2nd teams taking over 500 wickets, bowling well over 3,100 overs at around 16 runs per wicket and at the rate of one wicket every 6 over and 3 balls. He was one of the elite bowlers, the 13th in the club’s history, to take 8 wickets in a 1st Xl game against the unfortunate Aston Unity CC, bowling 10.3 overs, 4 maidens, 27 runs at an average of 3.4. Peter also performed an excellent "hat trick" removing Burton's first three batsmen
Peter batting opportunities were limited, batting at No. 8, however, in 1955 season he scored 343 runs that season with an average of 17.1 and a highest score of 50 not out, which was probably his best season with the bat.
In the 1971 and 72 seasons Peter was the club’s secretary
In 1977 the Alpine Soft Drink Company launched an under 16 youth competition with Peter being the match manager and organizer of the first Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club’s junior side. He got together a very talented squad of some 18 young cricketers who went on to win the first competition for young cricketers in the Midlands to become the Alpine Under 16 Champion, led by captain, David Stokes, who went on to play in the Club’s 1st team as did a number of others players who went on to play in the club’s 2nd Xl team.
Peter’s sporting activities continued at Moor Hall Golf Club playing golf well into his 90’s although he played on a 9- hole section with likeminded players.
Peter held the Sutton Cricket Club’s longest paid-up membership of over 70 years, and ran a very successful business in Walsall in the leather trade, manufacturing mainly high-quality wallets and purses, which were on sale in Harrods.
Peter passed away on the 2nd August 2023, aged 92, leaving a wife, Pat a son, Paul and two grandchildren.
Peter Bell – 31st August 2023
Warwickshire Cricket League 2023 Season
Premier Division
The Sutton Coldfield 1st team were awarded 23 penalty points. 10 were for playing an illegible player, 5 points for providing an incorrect ball and further 8 points for not submitting a captain’s match report.
Disappointing season of 2023 – Both 1st & 2nd Saturday Teams Relegated
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
Annual General Meeting
Held on Thursday 26th October 2023
Apologies: Tim Cave/Simon Matthews/Neil Houghton/Dave Steggles/Rohit
Chopra/Mike Mackey
Attendees: Jamie Ross (JR)/Roy Hopwood (REH)/Andy Neal (AN)/Nick Baker
(NB)/Jack Smith/Peter Bell (PB)/Mike Hepburn (MEH)/Steve Russell (SR)/Martin Jones/Dave Hands/John Robinson/Ian Hay/John Howard/Kirsty Guest/Colin Greetham (CG)/Geoff Gray/Steve Smith/Paul Hennerfer/Sandip Mahli/Nick Thompson/Asim Ashfaq
Approval of the AGM 2022 Minutes
(CG) Raised the point about all Club correspondence now being in digital format. Surely there must be a way for those unable to access this digital correspondence to receive it in another format – printed for instance?
(NB) Apologised by reiterating all committee meeting minutes are available on request but would not be published on the website. If you are registered with Pitchero (the Club’s website) then you would receive all relevant correspondence.
(REH) After the meeting an explained on how and where GC’s email was on Pitchero, and that he was registered and should be receiving mail.
The minutes were then approved.
Treasurer’s Report
Financial Report – Season 2023
A year of both significant levels of both income and expenditure with an overall loss on the year of £6080.00. There remains however £5000.00 in outstanding invoices - £4500.00 Sponsorship from Lanes and £500 ECB Contribution to LGBTQIA+ festival. Both have been chased but as at the date of this AGM remain outstanding. If paid the loss will reduce to £1080, slightly less than the £1264.00 budgeted at the beginning of the year.
To look at items in more detail starting with our income:
Membership & Subs: Membership overall was nearly £1500 below budget with Senior membership £1646.00 down (approx. 13 members) and Social down £350 (14 members). Junior membership was however above plan (£511.00). Membership is a key area and the loss and non- replacement of the Membership Secretary was a significant issue this year and one the new committee needs to address urgently.
A poor year weather wise resulted in lower match income at senior levels. Junior match fees however were significantly higher (£1245.00). Winter nets were well supported by both junior and senior sections, with the junior section organising activities pre-Xmas which made a useful start on this area of income. This resulted in excess of £828.00 above budget. All of the figures taken together for playing cricket meant we were broadly in line with budget.
Donations & Sponsorship: Once again the club is extremely grateful to all of our donators. Some of our donations are small monthly amounts which mount up through the year and others are generous amounts of single donations from Life & Vice Presidents but also friends of the club. This is something we should never take for granted.
Sponsorship has however been a problem this year. Even with the anticipated £4500.00 from Lanes we are £5,500 below budget. It should also be noted that as the Lanes sponsorship was not agreed until late in the season, the payment to be made will cover most of next season as well so this is an area that will require significant focus from the new committee.
Other Income
Income from the BBQ provided excellent extra income and we showed a profit of over £1840.00, so well done to all those who cooked and sold on Friday nights plus at the LGBTQA & WCL games.
Misc Income comes from a number of sources, £3347.00 was from transfers from Number 2 account for a new mower and work on the nets. These therefore are also shown on the other side of the accounts under Ground supplies (£950.00 for the mower) and Miscellaneous Expenditure (£2397.00 for the Nets). The other major sources of income here are £900 Entrance Fees for the WCL v WCCC game plus £650.00 contribution from WCB. If received the ECB contribution will be shown here.
Dinner/Social – Dinner showed an income of £3330.00. Additional revenue in this area came from the Players lunch/Presidents Day. Socials made a profit of just over £1000.00.
Turning to Expenditure
Budgets were well managed this year with the end of year figure broadly in line with budget. Many of the areas are known costs going into the season which is why most are at or close to the budgeted figure. Coaching costs in 2022 were particularly high hence the budget figure. These have been well manged by Andy Neal this year with the poor weather reducing
Senior coaching costs.
Player costs are lower than budget due to the weather. This clearly is an area that will not be incurred next season due to our relegation, which will help overall expenditure.
Ground Labour – the 3-year contract with TOP Grounds Management has come to an end and will need to be re-negotiated for next season.
Miscellaneous Expenditure: As noted earlier £2397.00 of this figure is a contra entry covering the costs of the nets paid for out of account 2. The other 2 biggest items were £1280.00 for mobile toilets. £500 of this should be offset by a contribution from the ECB and £650 from WCB.
Food and Fuel for the BBQ makes up a further £1132.00 with other major costs (over £100.00) being £475.00 for banners, £238.00 for cleaning, £190.00 for the WCB dinner, £150.00 donation to Dave Thornton memorial, and £110.00 Raffle money to Birmingham Unicorns
Looking ahead
To provide the standard of cricket and cricket facilities we all want at this club will continue to cost money. Costs will certainly increase. Given the challenging economic times we also need to be aware of the costs of playing cricket for our members. With this in mind raising money will be key whether through grants, sponsorship, or donations and this will be an important early discussion for the new committee.
After 5 years as Treasurer and 12 years as either Secretary, Chairman or Treasurer (on 2 occasions holding 2 roles at the same time), I have decided to take a break and will not be seeking re-election as Treasurer. Thank you to everyone who has supported me during this time and I hope the playing fortunes of the club will once again be on an upwards trajectory.
Club Chairman’s Report
2023 Season
Chairmans Report
Thanks to Steve Russell, Treasurer for the detailed report.
On behalf of the club, I must pass on my immense gratitude to Steve Russell, after completing 4 years as Chairman he has continued a further 4 years as treasurer, this is amazing service and as wonderful servant to SCCC, his involvement, calm steady hand and commitment must be lauded. We look forward to Kirsty as his successor picking up the reigns soon.
As is very evident from the financial report, as a volunteer run club, for non-commercial gain, we have to work hard to stand still. We rely on our members, sponsors, and benefactors to support the club to provide playing excellent facilities and coaching for all members, both junior and senior and provide opportunities for all to better themselves or just have good sporting experiences. Where there are shortfalls against projected budgets we have to work hard and ensure we cut our cloth accordingly especially in light of tough global and local economic conditions.
We rely heavily on few volunteers who in addition to busy everyday lives commit time and effort to ensure teams, coaching and grounds are maintained.
But we need continued fresh engagement across the spectrum of the club, social, fundraising/commercial, playing, welfare, girls’ and ladies’ cricket. We have support to drive girls and ladies’ cricket with Warwickshire committing specific coaching support in 2024 utilising donations from beneficiaries which should be supplemented by the club. We want to continue to ensure that SCCC is a welcoming club for both members and our guests, on and off the field.
Disappointingly, isolated off the field events have led to time consuming meetings and reviews drawing focus and attention away from the playing field and has led to the club embracing and adopting new policies - The ECB Use of social media Policy and the adoption of the ECB General Conduct Regulations to bring the club disciplinary policies up to date. Standards of which and expectations of SCCC high standards will be revisited pre-season 2024 with all players, parents and members.
On a more positive note, which is where we all want the focus of the club to be we have had some fantastic engagement and positive advocacy of the club in the local community.
The opportunity for SCCC to host a couple of headline events during the summer emphasised how the club can come together to be a beacon and focus for the local community. Through the contacts driven by Rob Haines recognizing the opportunity to strengthen ties with Warwickshire.
The first ever globally LGQBT County tournament was held on June 11th at Rectory Park. 6 teams representing Warwickshire, Middlesex, Leicester, and others played in a round robin format. The BBC and Sky Sports attended with both running pieces on the event. With well over 250 attending the SCCC volunteers provided first class cricketing facilities, hospitality, and a welcoming environment. The day was interrupted by the local air ambulance using the outfield for and emergency staff transfer from Good Hope Hospital and finally curtailed by tropical downpours at the end of the day. The feedback from Warwickshire and from the LGQBT community was resoundingly positive with a request for us to host again in 2024.
Sutton Coldfield CC also hosted the Warwickshire CC vs Birmingham Cricket League T20 match in July. As with the majority of the summer the wet weather loomed over the event. However, we managed to pick a date with a gap between downpours.
The junior engagement event prior to the main match brought Warwickshire coaches along with Hugh Bear the WCCC mascot to provide a brilliantly supported junior tournament – the main event provided the large crowd of up to 500 people close hand experience of first-class cricket at Rectory Park, thankfully we avoided any incidents with the ball flying to all parts! The WCCC staff and players thanked the club for a first-class event and again we have set the benchmark for future events.
The group of SCCC volunteers – players, juniors and parents helped set up, run the carpark – no small feat, run the BBQ (taking nearly £1k during the day) collect donations and keep the crowds entertained, thanks to Rob Haines again for his musical contributions! Although incredibly difficult to gauge the turnout for these events as they were the first of their kind run locally, we learnt and adapted as we went along and hopefully the template in place for future events. Contributions over the bar to the GPC will have been supplemented by these events and hopefully any surpluses that the GPC recognises this year can be re-invested into the clubhouse.
The work undertaken by Mike Hepburn and his team of volunteers to get the grounds into working condition – preparing nets for use, mowing and tending to the area outside of the club etc. can’t be underestimated. The turnout for leaf collection this weekend will help with both pitches being cleared before the end of November. Thanks, must also go to Jamie Ross, John Robinson, Peter Bell and Neil Houghton for the additional work in front of the club, making sure we have lovely surroundings to enjoy.
Thanks also for the paid work done by Lee Thomason and Phil Oliver to ensure both wickets were in great condition and were able to support the increased volume of cricket played this year. In particular the increased number of age group county matches supported including the festivals and multiple WCCC age group matches, the high level of our grounds was a credit to the grounds team, particularly in light of the torrid weather we have experienced this summer.
The club entered teams into all leagues and competitions available – 1st, 2nd,3rd and 4th Saturday teams, Sunday 1st XI plus Sunday 2nd team and a Vets team. In addition to junior teams from U10-U17 and Friday night All Stars…. players representing Sutton Coldfield from 9 through to 59 years old.
We have also had numerous younger players represent either district or county age group teams.
The junior section and club as a whole were rocked by the untimely death of Dave Thornton, the manager of the u15 team and parent to Marco a keen batsman. The junior players and friends of Marco rallied around him for the final few games and where a shining example as to how a team and club can help in adversity. Thanks, must also go to Martin Jones and Paul Wright to standing in to support the lads during this very difficult period.
Thank you for the continued support from the junior section led by Andy Neale, wholehearted dedication and enthusiasm has benefitted the club immensely. Again, an incredible amount of work put in on a voluntary basis to ensure our young players are supported and developed so that they become and stay as Sutton Coldfield cricketers through their life.
We now prepare for 2023 season with indoor nets being arranged and budgets being finalised.
1st XI Team Report
Obviously, it was quite a difficult and disappointing season on the field for the club. After losing five players preseason to various reasons, the 1XI were always going to be up against it! Add to that, we would have to take a fair few of the newly promoted 2XI, we would also hinder their season.
Despite the tough season there definitely were a couple of positives! Jacob Lee scoring a 1xi 50 and more than holding his own, as well as lots of youngsters earning a lot of experience- which can only help them in the future!
It may be a difficult period on the field for the club but there’s no doubt, with the strength of the club’s youth system, and the volume of volunteers at the club that the club will eventually get back to where it belongs.
Lee Thomason (1st XI team Captain)
2nd XI Team Report
From being champions of Division of 5, to being relegated from Division 4. It was two sides of the spectrum to experience to say the least.
We simply were not good enough, a team or a squad is based on a core of 6-8 players who play week in a week out.
Having an altered team each week didn’t allow any movement for momentum or positive results.
We gave it out our all with the players this year.
Selection was a nightmare, taking up all week to find a change in the team above or in my team.
Recruitment is a must for us to prosper throughout the club.
A few youngsters who have done well has been the positives with Jacob Lee scoring runs & Ewan Hay leading wicket taker for the 2nd Xl.
Results speak for themselves and I hope we improve next year.
Nas Ali (2nd XI Team Captain)
3rd XI Team Report
Finished 5th:  186 Points  5 wins  2 winning draws  1 Losing Draw  5 Losses
An interesting season for the 3rd XI this year, with the new post covid divisions, with the aim being to consolidate from last year and stay in the division.
It was an incredibly tight and competitive division, and on the last day 3 teams were still in danger of being relegated- the 3rd XI being one of them! Thankfully we took all 24 points against a good Ward End Unity side to finish 5th!
It has been an incredibly tough season for the 3rd XI, as like all the other teams we struggled at times due to the player vacuum at the top of the club which obviously had an effect on team selection.
However, despite often fielding young inexperienced sides we managed to show real fight and a competitive spirit whether we won or lost, and I’m sure everybody has learnt a lot from this season.
As ever, some really promising performances from some of our younger contingent, backed up with some quality from our more senior members of the group!
Top run scorers:
Arsalan Awan 294 av. 94! -  Asim Ashfaq 242 av. 24.2
Ian Hay 212 av. 23.1
Top wicket takers:
Dan Wright 18 av.12.33
Luke Bishop 16 a av.16.13
Stuart Russell 14 av.8.0
Ian Hay (3rd XI Team Captain)
4th XI Team Report - Summer of 2023
Warwick County Cricket League - Division 9 West & Friendlies
A challenging season
Dark Clouds:
Most players, which played for the 4s last year went up to the 3s.
The team was playing a division higher than last year so the waters were deeper.
There were more than 35 players representing the 4s this year.
App. 10 debuts this year, most of them u/13s.
Nucleus of the team never got formed,
Unprecedented churn at the top made team selection a nightmare with selection open till Friday eve on most weekends.
6 division games abandoned due to weather, which is 1/3rd of the schedule.
Silver Lining:
Despite an unsettled look, and all of the above, the team did not get relegated.
In fact, another win would have seen the team finish at 6, rather than an 8.
Many seniors put their hands up and contributed to the team's success like Jim, Nick, Hem Patel and Darren.
Many youngsters impressed with their skills and showed they belonged like Nirek, Harry B, Sam L, Anuraag.
Some new talent coming through in Charlie Dale Harris, Rich Madden, Pranav Rajesh, Tom D, Ben D & Hassan K.
Shining Stars:
Top 3 scorers - Nirek (277) Rohit (228) Jim L. (174)
Top 3 bowlers - Rohit (25) Harr B (13) Hem P (10)
Top 3 fielders - Rohit (12) Nirek (6) Jim L. (5)
Top 5 performances Bat - Anuraag (86) Joe B. (82) Jim L. (72*) Darren F. (71) Hassan K (68)
Top 5 performances Bowl - Charlie Dean H (5/29), Rohit (5/58), (4/23) Harry B. (4/23), Ben D (4/26)
The team having started shabbily and shakily found its feet nicely mid-season, and finished quite strong with 6 wins, 2 defeats, 2 abandoned, in the last 10 games of the season (friendlies included). At one point, it looked like the team would not get on the score board at any time during the season and many a times it looked that we won’t have a team to take the park. However, great encouragement from the club leadership, a helping hand by the senior players and the junior coaching staff kept fuelling the team with talent and hope, which helped us sail through torrid times.
Better times to come for sure.
Rohit Chopra (4th XI Team Captain)
Junior Section Chairman’s Report
A junior season to again be proud of with the club organising cricket for players aged 5 to 17.  If rain had not impacted so heavily then we had around 100 fixtures to play at all junior levels including a trip to Edgbaston for the girls’ softball team.
Our 5-8 year All Stars numbered around 60 this year and we continue to introduce new players and families to the game and club on Friday nights.
During COVID we struggled to define separate teams at ages 8-11. Thanks to hard work and support from Laura Spence, Ian Rivers, and Nick Thompson we now have soft and hardball teams that cater for ages 8-11.
The under 11s finished second in their group and are largely supported by players who are under 10s so good prospects for next season.
Laura has also helped ensure we have a girls softball team competing in softball festivals which again has provided a great way of developing girls new to the game. Laura has also ensured we have indoor teams running this Autumn at ages under 11 and 14.
The under 12s competed in the under 13 Burton League and came second despite playing against older teams and in some cases under 15 girls. Thank you to Richard Seager for taking on the challenge with a relatively inexperienced team.
The under 13s have had a fantastic season winning the Warwickshire u13 championship, winning the mid-week league and only coming runners up in the play offs by 1 wicket – the final being held here at Sutton Coldfield. Thank you to Simon Matthews and Kam Fazal for their enthusiasm and competitiveness in bringing so many players into being part of such a successful season.
The under 14s lead by John Crawshaw and Jim Little played Thursday nights in the Burton Under 15 league and in the mid-week Warwickshire league.  In the Burton league the team came fourth beating league winners Rolleston in the process and second in the mid-week league. Can I particularly record the clubs thanks to Jon as he arranged and organised most of the games and practice throughout the season despite his own child not being involved this season. This follows on from his hard work and support to the club over the past five seasons, his presence and support will be missed moving forward.
I cannot mention the Under 15s season without first acknowledging and recording the loss of our Team Manager David Thornton. David passed away completely unexpectedly a few days before the last under 15 game of the season. David was a father to player Marco, husband to Amanda, friend to many, West Ham fan and general lover of sport.  The clubs’ condolences continue to go out to Dave’s family and friends.
In that context the under 15 team, which included his son Marco, should be congratulated for taking the field on the Sunday morning after Dave’s passing to play Kings Heath. Thank you to Martyn Jones and the parents of the team for their support in enabling the game to go ahead.
The under 15s finished fourth in a tight Warwickshire Championship league, three cancellations in our rain hit season probably depriving the team of second place.
Our under17 team struggled against the weather and some capable teams in Walmley and Handsworth in their league, finishing third out of four. Credit to Jacob Lee for captaining the side and the support of Mark Burford and Steve Walcott with running the team.
In terms of Sutton Junior Players representing Warwickshire:
Katie Spence and Manasvi Jaglan at Under 11 girls, Aadya Gella at Under 13 girls – Aadya should be congratulated on her award winning 5.4 overs-1 maiden-6 for 19 versus Northamptonshire in late July.
Gus Lea and Nirek Jaglan at Under 13 boys
Ben Dawson at District under 13
Will Burford at District under16
I feel that this year particular mention should made this year of senior captains’ willingness to integrate many junior players into Saturday and Sunday adult teams. It has been a challenging year in terms of results on a Saturday but the volume of juniors playing across the four teams is a real positive that should bring huge optimism for the near future. So, thank you to Rohit, Ian, Nas and Ben on a Sunday for getting so many juniors involved and seeing the rewards of junior players delivering for adult teams.  Particular mention to Nirek Jaglan for making his debut aged 13 in the Saturday first team.
Ensuring we have teams and facilities for those 100 junior games can I register my thanks to the following people:
Team managers and organisers
Coaches – Ellie Philips, George Dyche, Luke Bishop, Sam Harry, Harry Smith, Felix Haines, Jack Hurrell-Woodward, Rob Haines, Dom Lee and Parth Patel. Many of these developed and funded thanks to contributions from the Andy Biddle Foundation
Volunteer coach helpers – Ollie Claydon, Will Burford, Nick Birch, Ewan Hay.
Special thanks must go to volunteer Mike Hepburn for his work on the ground and to Lee Thomason for his flexibility and patience in arranging some of those 100 games and his apprentice Harry Lucas.
We have also hosted several junior Warwickshire games and it is to everyone’s credit that we are sought out as hosts for such matches.
The support of the main committee is greatly appreciated, Asim as Club Welfare Officer, Roy as Club Secretary, Nick as Club Chairman and Steve Russell as Treasurer. Jamie for your gardening and most importantly the occasional quiet understated compliment that is very much appreciated.
Lastly and by no means least our positive Junior parents always deserve credit for just getting players to the games and organising hectic schedules through the diary that is Pitchero. Particular thanks to those who have helped volunteer for ground works days/leaf clearances and supporting the two Warwickshire events. I must also highlight those who have helped with Friday night BBQs – we do have a budding BBQ squad, trials in the new year.
For me recent news in my family has made me review my volume of commitment to the role of Junior Chair, in many ways I would love to carry on but 2024 will probably be somewhat different and now seems the right time to encourage others to step forward to take the role if not tonight in the very near future. I plan to still be heavily involved with Friday nights ‘All Stars’ and certainly envisage being on the junior committee if asked ready to lend support and admin help as Mike Mackey, Rob Haines and Nick have done for me.
We are lucky and fortunate at this Club to have such a committed and enthusiastic group of largely volunteers keen to see our junior cricket being enjoyable and successful.  Maybe this AGM feels like a time of transition given several of us are stepping back somewhat but we should rightly be proud of the sheer volume of cricket played across the year at junior level and its potential to provide a foundation for adult cricket development at the club in the coming years.
Andy Neal
Junior Section Chairman
Election of Executive Officers and Junior Section Chairman
(a). President of the Club will remain ‘as is.
(b). The following committee to be nominated on bloc:
Position
Present Holder
Nomination
Chairman
Nick Baker
Position Vacant
Secretary
Roy Hopwood
Roy Hopwood
Treasurer
Steve Russell
Kirsty Guest
Welfare Officer
Zoe Matthews
Asim Ashfaq
Supplementary Nominations
Chair Junior Section
Andy Neal
Position Vacant
Grounds Chair
Mike Hepburn
Mike Hepburn
The officers were elected ‘in block’, seconded ‘in block’ by attendees and accepted by The President, James Ross.
(NB) From a Club management point of view Club succession needs to be reviewed. A plan will be formulated that clearly outlines responsibilities and roles and how we, as a Club, are able to hand over management responsibilities. I’m happy to continue to help for a further year, but the Club needs a Vice-Chairman.
8.The Role of Ladies & Girls Cricket Within the Club In 2024 presenter by Peter Bell.
Why do we spend money in coaching girls if we are not prepared to offer them cricket. We have two cricket grounds including two pavilions, whereas all the other local cricket clubs who run girls’ teams have to make their facilities cater for female cricketer and they do.
Friday summer evening cricket in Rectory Park draws big crowds – parents, that in Moms and Dads, grandparents, and older siblings to watch their under-13s.
This raises a number of questions: Do we approach Moms and Dads, grandparents, and older male siblings about helping – in running female cricket sides who perhaps have been watching their daughters and granddaughters develop cricketing skills for 3 to 4 years?
We share these premises with SC Hockey Club and they run 15 very successful female hockey sides. who currently play in a higher level of hockey than the men’ team, in the National League North, and won the European Club Championship in 1990.
I don’t believe finance is a problem. Grants are readable available. To name just one; We are under the pathway of flights from Birmingham Airport and as such we can apply for grants of up to £3,000 twice a year. Provided we run cricket for both sexes. Applications are now invited for the next round of grants, which will be made in April 24 with a deadline for applications to be in by Friday 23rd February 24 Grants are not awarded for recurring expenses, such as coaching fees, salaries, rents, and utilities. However, I believe playing equipment for women and girls would qualify.
Have we ever approached our membership, or our VP, or Life Members for financial assistance. Why not?
Sports for Girls and Woman had taken off over the last 2 years, you name any sport and they are starting to cater for a female side, who would have thought Rugby and Rugby League
would have female sides, even boxing.
We need to do like-wise – immediately starting in 2024. With two grounds we would have no problem getting teams to visit Rectory Park on selected Sundays. Looking to the future there will even be an Olympic Cricket competition in 2028.
We should advertise in Supermarkets – ASDA; TESCO, Sainsburys with a different advert every month for Women and Girls to join the SCCC.  Also, we should be contacting all neighbourhood schools to advertise the Club’s activities.
(NB) There are supplementary grants available from the ECB and we need to get on the back of this. We do, however, have barriers, that may affect ladies and girls’ cricket.
(AN) There have been discussions about this at the WCB. Girls’ cricket has had problems for quite some time – there’s a lot of competition from football which has become more profile. There’s also difficulty in growing girls’ clubs – we have tried to recruit from the Hockey Club but we also do not wish to pressurise people.
(PB) The Hockey Club has 15 girls’ teams. – If they play hockey then surely, they can play cricket.
MEH The lower ground is suitable for Ladies and Girls’ cricket.
Any Other Business
(JR) There being no further business the President thanked everyone for attending and asked people to think positively and we will sort out the vacant Chairperson’s positions as soon as possible.
There being no further business the meeting closed at 8:25pm.
Chapter XXll – 2024 -25
Sunday 9th June 2024
Sutton Coldfield CC Hosts the 2nd LGBTQ+ cricket tournament at Rectory Park.
2nd Annual LGBTQ T10 Tournament.
Teams representing, Warwickshire, Kent, Worcestershire, Gloucestershire, Middlesex and Yorkshire attending, with Kent winning the final over Gloucestershire.
Female cricket commences in earnest on Saturday 15th June 24
The advert speaks for itself with the first of the Club intention of setting up a Girls & Ladies team staring from the grass roots kindly sponsored by Life Member Peter Bell. Unfortunately, the rain curtailed the session at 10 am but all 15 girls were presented with a blue club shirt.
Because of rain effecting two Saturday mornings it was agreed to extend the course for a further two Saturdays
A Flood & a Visit from the Local Authority
On Friday 5th July one of the rooms in the Pavilion that supplied the transfer the hot water between the central heating and the kitchen burst and flooded a storage room. The water system was turned off and Butco were appointed to replace the valve. This however, could not be replaced immediately. Unfortunately, we received a visit from the local authority the follow day and our President was asked to circulate the following.
The Club was asked by Mat and Beth, Clubhouse Managers, to circulate this message regarding the closure of the Clubhouse kitchen. I’d be grateful if representatives from both clubs would also circulate this message to respective membership. I’ll forward on this message to Cricket Club Committees:
It’s with disappointment that the kitchen will be closed with immediate effect until 17th July after consultation with the local authority and the Food Standards Agency. At present we have no hot running water in the kitchen or bar area. The law is “Every sink or other such facility provided for the washing of food is to have an adequate supply of hot and/or cold potable water and must be connected to an effective drainage system.” After speaking to the local authority who had called us yesterday to advise that they are coming to undertake an inspection unannounced within the next 3 weeks gave this advice “It is not permissible to have the kitchen open if your kitchen staff cannot wash their hands or dishes in hot water.
The water must be running hot and must be of drinking quality” there’s no one more disappointed than MAB at having to close the kitchen £££ but as a catering company first and foremost we cannot have a poor food hygiene rating registered against us as this has the potential to have massive detrimental effect on the running of our business. I’d also like to apologise for the late announcement of the kitchen closure. It was hoped that our contract with Butco heating would have resulted in a repair as they attended yesterday and were hoping to come back this morning to get us some hot water to the kitchen and bar. Unfortunately, this hasn’t happened and we are now awaiting a more permanent repair. As Bar and Clubhouse Managers we are working with Matt Jones and Nick Baker to get the kitchen back up and running asap. Apologies and thanks for your support.
James Ross
President SCCC
1st Xl v Coventry & North Warwick CC 2nd Xl
Saturday 6th July was sponsorship day by the “Golden Oldies” or referred to by Gill Houghton as “The Kindergarten Group”. Unfortunately, there were no afternoon tea available to the sponsors or their guests due to the closure of the kitchen, especially as our visitors were Coventry & NW CC.
They were a Club, which the Sutton Club had played cricket against for over 100 years and were a very difficult side beat. However, today’s game was a 110-run win for Sutton, who batted first and scored 272 runs for 7 wickets when their 50 overs were reduced to 48 overs because of a delayed start. The visitors were bowled out for 167 in 35 overs, via the DL over and runs adjustment.
Looking back through Sutton’s history, there was a match played in 1984 where Sutton were the wines by 6 wickets and our president of today played a big part in Sutton’s win as did Landy Luckhurst. (see Footnote below)
Midland Club Championship- 1984
Sutton Coldfield v Coventry & NW
A superb performance from Sutton's Andrew Luckhurst, who took 6 wickets for 28 runs off only 21 overs saw the champions and league leaders Coventry collapse to 116 all out.
Luckhurst's bowling was well supported by keen fielding which maintained the pressure on Coventry throughout.
They never recovered from the earl. dismissal of their run-machine. Graham Davies, who was brilliantly run-out by Sutton's Nick Longman, with a direct throw from mid-wicket as Davies went for a most unlikely quick single.
Needing 117 to win, a fine controlled innings from Sutton's Jamie Ross, scoring 64 not out saw Sutton to a tremendous six wicket victory, giving them the same number of wins, six, as the leaders.
COVENTRY & NW
SUTTON COLDFIELD
Davies run out ................................. 2Eames c-b Luckhurst ....................... 5Cheslin lbw b Luckhurst ................16
Smith c Biddle b Luckhurst ............ 9Parker c Hepburn b Luckhurst …… 0Flick c Houghton b Luckhurst ……15Mills b Luckhurst ............................ 9Hewitt c McLaren b Strachan ........ 32Brooks c Biddle b Moore ................. 9Funnell not out ............................... 12Higgens b Moore ............................. 0            Extras ................................... 7
Total …………………....  116
Ross not out ..................................... 64Rogers c Davies b Brooks ................. 0Strachan c Davies b Brooks ............. 18Hepburn c Flick b Brooks ................. 4McLaren lbw b Parker ......................15Houghton not out ............................. 11          Extras ...................................... 8          Total    for 4 wkts ………… 120
Bowling:
Luckhurst 21 - 13- 28- 6,
Moore      10.3- 3- 29- 2,Strachan   12  - 2- 27- 1,
Clarke        7-   0- 25- 0.
Bowling:
Brooks   11 -  4- 21- 3,
Higgens   4 -  2-   7- 0,
Parker    18  - 7- 34- 1,
Smith      4  - 0-  22- 0,
Funnell   7.4- 3-  28- 0
Footnote
Sadley, Andrew Luckhurst in September 2023 received a 17-year custodial sentence in Birmingham Crown Court after being found guilty of 4 offences of fraud and 8 of theft, involving over £20 million. Within the judge’s comments in his sentencing described “Andrew as a deeply dishonest man who quite deliberately conned (to use the vernacular) many victims out of their monies, in some cases life savings”.
A number of victims – particularly those concerned in the theft counts - were elderly and vulnerable.  Many of them spoke of you as a loyal friend, they invited you into their lives and families, and regarded you as someone in whom they could place their absolute trust.” Some were ex-players in the SCCC & SCHC.  The investment was basically a Ponzi Scheme.
Annual Visit to Lords
Our President, James Ross, on his annual visit to Lords, found the Leader of the Reform Party, Nigel Farage. MP. waiting to greet him on the 1st day of the England test match against the West Indies on Wednesday the10th of July 2024 at Grace Gate. James was wearing the Club’s jumper so that Nigel would be able to identify him, rather than wearing the MCC traditional retailer of Custard & Cream.
Nigel Farage is a British politician and broadcaster who is the MP. for Clacton and the leader of Reform UK since 2024.
He had previously been its leader from 2019 to 2021 when it was called the Brexit Party. He also was the leader of the UKIP) from 2006 to 2009.
Nigel became an MEP for South East England when he served between 2010 to 2016.
He was In the European Parliament until the UK voted to withdrawal from the European Union in 2020.
Congratulations to Captain, Jacob Squires Wood in scoring a124 runs, out of a total of 203 for 9 in the last game of the season against Harborne at Rectory Park, only to lose by 7 wickets.
The Annual Dinner -27th September 2024
This year’s annual dinner of Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club was held on Friday 27th September 2024 in the Club’s Pavilion.
This was the first occasion that the dinner was ever held at the very end of the season, two weeks after the last game rather than the last Friday in January or 1st Friday in February.
Also, the annual dinner return, since Friday 27th January 1987 to its own Cricket Pavilion as on Friday 26th January 1988 the Club move the event to Penns Hall, now a home for illegal immigrants. Since then, the Club has been nomadic about its annual dinner by holding the occasion at virtually every large venue in Sutton for nearly 38 years.
The evening was attended by 73 members, of which over 50% were active players. Also, something in the order of a dozen ladies attended, but I was too polite to count them.
The formal evening commenced with the President, James Ross saying grace: -
Dear Lord, as we gather to dine tonight
We welcome you all and believe that it is right
To thank you for cricket, the friendship and sport
And the “Spirit of Cricket” we firmly support
At grounds like Rectory Park, Stratford, Leamington and Leicester Ivanhoe
Our cricket is often a story of woe
But most of the time we have great fun
And occasionally we even manage a run
We’re lucky to be here in such a great place
To have good food and wine to indulge after grace
And please bless our Club and those that we play
and next year, if possible, keep the rain away
Taken from a quotation by C.B. Fry
The catering was run by our resident function manager, Mat Scott and his company MAB Catering and dinner commenced with Soup with Crotons with a 30 minute for awards to be made.
Junior Award
Martin Jones made the 1st presentation in the evening to the best junior performance
Batting award  -   Ben Dawson  (age 14)
Bowling award – Henery Eustace (age 14)
Fielding award – Ethan Walcott  (age 17)
This was followed by a presentation by Rohit Chopra 3rd Team captain
Best batsman - Jimmy LittleBest bowler  -  Ollie AtkinsAll rounder  -  Sam LittleAll rounder  -  Nirek Jaglan
The 1st Team Captain Jacob Squire-Wood
Jacob had a few words to say in the fact that the team stopped the downward tread preventing relegation thanking all the players and made the following awrds
Batting  -  -  -  Ollie Gray
Bowling   -  -  George Dyche
All-rounder  - Sam Hay
The 2nd Team Award.
The next presentation was by Tom Finn, who stood in for the 2nd team captain Nas Ali who was ill.
Batting  -  -  -   Ewan Hay
Bowler -  -  - - Barry Baker
All Rounder -  Milan Parmar
The Sunday Award
Ben Dunnington, Captain of the Sunday 1st team, who won their league. The Arden Sunday Cricket League Division 1. Made the following presentation and made the following awards.
Batting - - - - - - - Jim Spence
Bowler - - - - - - - Sam Hay
All Rounder - - -  Jim Little
Other Awards made by the Chairman, Nick Baker
The Terry Matthews Award - Dhrvi Mahli.
10 Not Out Award – Geoff Gray, awarded posthumously and was collected by Geoff ‘son, Spencer Gray.
Heads & Tails was won by Haydn Jones
Nick took the opportunity to mentioned a number of thank you’s
Mike Hepburn -  - - - - - - -  -The Ground Chairman
Andy Neil - - - - - - -  - - - -   Junior Coaching
Player of the year -  -  - - -  - Roy Hopwood
The Pavilion Gardeners - -  -James Ross, John Robinson & Neil Houghton
Peter Bell -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Sponsoring and supporting Girls’ Cricket.
The main meal was a chicken-based dish with as many vegetables as the plate would hold and the desert had a nice strong lemon tart flavour.
Footnote
The opening of a bottle of wine resembled a game of pass the parcel – apparently the management behind the Bar only had one bottle opener – so I suggest you bring one from home next year - off course “A bottle opener not a bottle”
Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
Annual General Meeting
Held on Thursday 7th October 2024
No minutes were ever published, as the Secretary, Roy Hopwood resigned.
Peter Bell from his personal notes raised two issues regarded Girls Cricket.
-----------------------------------
Chapter XXlll – 2025 Season
Disable Parking & Emergency Entrance to Playing Area
BCC – Parks Department have after much persuasion, marked out in the car parking area behind the Pavilion with two disable parking bays, and the emergence entrance to the playing areas.
Pre-Season Activity
The new season started with the Lower Ground having a new artificial playing surface. £7,200 has been spent on the lower ground with a new astroturf pitch. This replacing one that was laid down in 1980’s. Also, extensive work has been carried out refurbishing the nets at a cost of £10,200.
We have been fortunate in securing grants towards these two facilities. Further improvement to the ground costing around £1,000, in pruning back some of the trees with overhanging branches and hedges. Mostly to the lower ground playing area
The Top Ground Covers
On the 1st May new covers arrived at a cost of £4,000 for the top ground & paid by the Club.
The Pavilion
Members and visitors alike, will have noticed that our Pavilion-Clubhouse has and is still being spruce up, both externally and internally thanks to the joint efforts of the clubs. (The S.C. Cricket and Hockey Club Limited). Every effort will be made to get all apocopate history back on the wall where applicable.
-------------------------
Support Sutton Coldfield CC with Toyota
Write our Chairperson, Nick Baker to Support Sutton Coldfield CC in conjunction with Toyota - Good for Cricket. ALL Proceeds from SCCC raffle sales will come to the club.
Sutton Coldfield CC - Toyota Good for Cricket RAFFLE TICKETS
Buy your raffle tickets from the above link to the SCCC page on the Toyota - Good for Cricket page...ALL money comes back to Sutton Coldfield CC. We will ensure the money is invested in new Site Screen Slats, stumps for the nets and additional training equipment for junior coaches.Your support is greatly appreciated and good luck... we hope to see a new Toyota car making its way to Rectory Park carpark courtesy of Toyota!
-------------------------
Saturday 31st May 2025. All 4 Teams Won.
It’s many seasons since all four of the Club’s Saturday matches have all recorded outstanding wins. We have to look back as far as the 1980’s and 90’s to find four winning performances on the same day, but no official record was noted.
The 1st team (WCL Div 1) at home entertained Solihull Municipal 1st lost the toss and were put into bat on a very good pitch and scored 269 for 7 off their allotted 50 overs. Felix Haines and Oliver Gray were both joint top scorers with 44 runs.
Municipal in their reply were all out in 41.1 overs for 165 runs with Felix Haines taking 3 for 16 runs in 6.1 overs and Sutton had won by 104 runs and claimed the 20 match points
The fielding was good but the Sutton wicket keeper, Nirek Jaglan had an outstanding game, only conceding 1 bye and taking 2 catches. His second catch, was a very fast run towards square leg to get under a skied ball from Municipal top scorer, when he had accumulated 67 runs, including 6 fours and 1 six.
The 2nd Team (WCL Div 6 West) away to Solihull Municipal at Brick Kiln Lane, who won the toss and elected to bat, but were bowled out for 20 runs in 12 overs. Jack Allen with 6 for 11 in 6 overs and Ewan Hay 4 for 9 also in 6 overs.
Note: - 20 runs is one of the very lowest scores, if not the lowest by an opposition team.
Sutton in their reply scored 22 runs for the loss of 1 wicket in 4.5 overs, leaving Sutton as the winners by 9 wickets and gaining 20 points.
The 3rd Team (WCL Div 8 West) at home to Handsworth 3rd who won the toss and invited Sutton to bat first with Jim Little opening the batting and scored 108 runs and not out from the team’s total of 215 for 5 wickets in their allotted 45 overs.
Handsworth in their reply were all out for 166 runs in 40 over giving the 3th a 49-run victory and 20 points. 5 bowlers each took 2 wickets with Daniel Wright finished with 2 for 23 runs and an economic rate of 2.6 followed by Ken Dunnington with 2 for 28 in 7 overs and an economic rate of 4.0.
The 4th Team (WCL Div 10 West) was away to the local rivals Four Oaks Saints 4th. Sutton Won the toss and they invited the home team to bat first, who were all out for 154 runs in 41.4 overs. Two of the 5 successful bowlers were led by Shahrukh Atif, taking 3 wickets for 8 runs in 5 overs and an economic rate of 1.6 followed by Charlie Dale-Harris with 3 for 21 runs in 4 overs at an economic rate of 3.5.
Sutton in their replay quickly knocked the runs off in 24 overs without losing a wicket in an opening partnership of 158. With Ian Hay not out on 88 and his colleague Qasim Arif not out on 53.  Winning a local derby by 10 wickets is most pleasing as well as collecting the 20 points. The 4th team, originally the Owls, have created a new record opening partnership.
Sutton Coldfield
Runs
Wickets
Opposition
Runs
Wickets
1st Team
269
7
Solihull Municipal 1st
165
10
2nd Team
22
1
Solihull Municipal 2nd
20
10
3rd Team
215
5
Handsworth 3rd
166
10
4th team
158
0
Four Oaks Saints 4th
154
10
Totals
664
13
Totals
505
40
Average scores against wickets lost
51.1
Average scores against wickets lost
12.6
As someone who studied maths – many years ago, I thought I would give a statistic overview of Saturday 31st May 2025 quadruple victories. I can’t find any record of all four Saturday sides winning their games on the same day.
I believe and do recall that it did occur in the 1980’s or 90’s, when the playing strength of the club was exceptionally very strong and with many high-quality players within the club. Nevertheless. Saturday’s results are now established in the club’s history, in detail and with a mathematical average valuation: 51.1 to 12.6, a difference of 38.5 between Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club and our Opponents, or as a Ratio of 4 : 1.
Please to also record that the Chairman and President were proud to acknowledge a notable achievement in SCCC’s long and proud history by buying four jugs of beer between them.
Purchase the Freehold Information Note ? : -
The Cricket Club should consider purchasing the Freehold of our Ground Lease from BCC of 8.33 acres. The contact within BCC is, according to Councillor David Pears, an Eddie Curry. BCC is selling off all their assets in Sutton Coldfield. Now is the time to buy the property we have leased the area we play on since 1847 and we own with the SCHC the Pavilion, but we own all other buildings on the ground.
Eddie Curry is the Interim Head of Parks at Birmingham City Council. He has a long history in public parks and green spaces, with over 25 years of experience in the field. He also holds an MBA in Strategic Management. In addition to his practical experience, he is a qualified landscape professional with an OND in Landscape Practice and an HND in Horticulture. He is also an International and National Green Flag Judge and Chair of the Core Cities Parks and Green Space Group
Sunday 31st May, Jimmey Little scored 108 not out in Suttons total of 215 for 5(45 overs) against Handsworth 166 all out in 40 overs – A 49 run victory and 20 points
Saturday 2nd August, Jim Spence batting for the 3rd team at home against Earlswood Warwick 3rd scored 132 runs in a drawn game:  Sutton 267 for 5 (45 overs) against Earlswood 249 for 7 (45 overs) Sutton won 17 points and the opposition 10 points.
Sutton Coldfield CC – First Class/List A.
Cricketers - 1847 to 2025
Research of the club's records and various websites has enabled a creation of the list below in approximate chronological order.
It shows that 45 players who have at some stage played for SCCC and have played First Class/List A Cricket with their career span in brackets.
Rev J. H. GibbonOxford University (1868-69)
J. Manton Warwickshire (1898)
I. W. SmithWarwickshire (1905)
E. B. Crockford Warwickshire (1911-22)
C. A. F. Fiddian-Green Cambridge University, Warwickshire & Worcestershire. (1920-34)
J. S. RussellWarwickshire (1920)
N. Sharp Warwickshire (1923)
K. W. C. Dobson Warwickshire & Derbyshire (1920-25)
P. E. Murray-Willis Worcestershire & Northamptonshire (1935-46)
J. St. F. Dare British Guiana (1924-39)
D. G. Foster Warwickshire & Gentlemen (1928-34)
M. K. Foster Worcestershire, MCC, Gentlemen & England X1 (1908-36)
Sir C. de. L. InnisBarbados, Bengal Governor's X1 & West Indies X1 (1927-39)
W. E. Houghton Warwickshire (1946-47)
D. G. Shaw Warwickshire (1949)
P. J. LoweWarwickshire (1964)
F. A. LowsonYorkshire & England (1949-58)
J. I. McDowall Cambridge University & Warwickshire (1969-73)
T.E.N. JamesonCambridge University & Warwickshire (1970)
B. K. Gardom Warwickshire (1973-74)
W. N. Tidy Warwickshire (1970-74)
C. Maynard Warwickshire & Lancashire (1978-86)
P. N. Tennant Warwickshire (1964)
J. W. Edmonds Lancashire (1975)
M. A. SheikhWarwickshire & Derbyshire (1997-2006)
I. M. King Warwickshire & Essex (1952-57)
N. W. GambleOxford University (1967)
S. A. PeallMashonaland & Zimbabwe (1990-96)
P. A. Smith Warwickshire (1982-96)
A. M. Bacher Transvaal & South Africa (1993-2005)
R. J. Cunliffe Gloucestershire & Leicestershire (1994-20036
C. Banton Nottinghamshire (1995)
F. van der Merwe Western Transvaal (1999-2006)
J. L. AspelingCape Province (1998-99)
A. Richardson Derbyshire, Warwickshire, Middlesex & Worcestershire. (1995-2013)
W. Chughtal Sheikhupura Pakistan Customs & Habib Bank (2000-06)
T. D. Groenewald Warwickshire, Derbyshire, Somerset & Kent (2006-21)
A. K. Suman Oxford University & Delhi (1998-05)
M. Hussain Mumbai (2007-11)
D. B. Childs Boland (2007-2012)
P. McKay Warwickshire (2013-15)
A. D. ThomasonWarwickshire & Sussex (2014-21)
D. Malan Sri Lanka Navy Sports Club (2016-)
T. Banton Somerset & England (2018-)
J. BantonWorcestershire (2021-2022)
Presidents Day 2025
Saturday 9th August 25 was Presidents Day, and what a successful day it was, the sun shown from when the cock crowed to when the stars came out. We were greeted by the President, James Ross with a hand shake and a refreshing drink. Sutton’s 1st Xl won the toss and decided to bat against a strong Harborne side but made a disastrous start when the captain, Jacob was caught off the 1st ball in the second over for 1 run. However, Phil Dunnett joined Felix Haines and the score slowly moved to 62 when Felix was bowled for 23 runs in the 13th over. After a couple of brief partnerships, the score slowly moved to 102 runs in the 22nd over when the 4th wicket fell. This resulted in the floodgates opening as batters came and went in quick succession in 6 overs and the scoreboard had slowly crept to 120 runs with Phil Dunnett; our No. 3 batter was on 42. Our last man, James Dalton strode to the none striker’s end after having been briefed on what to expect. It was probably about running between the two wickets.
This is where Phil took complete charge as every ball he received went for 4 or 6, like hailstorms on to the pavilion roof and into the spectators’ area in front of the pavilion. This is when James became an Olympic sprinter over 22 yards when the 5th or last ball in an over occurred. 4 time he showed his speed and 3 time he faced the 1st ball in the over and again it was a sprint to the other end. Meanwhile, Phil completed his century and was caught out to a skier just short of the boundary with 116 runs to his name in just under 2 and ½ hours and with the score a healthy 194.  The partnership of 74 runs between Phil Dunnett and James Dalton, who score 3 runs and faced 7 balls, is a Club last wicket partnership record.
Harborne in their reply made a cautious start, but then they lost wickets to have 75 runs on the scoreboard when the 5th wicket fell. Wickets continued to fall as Jacob switch his bowlers around and with score of 128 the 8th wicket fell. From there on the spectators became very anxious as Harborne moved towards the winning line. However, Felix Haines came back to bowel and took the 9th wicket with a bail trimmer with the score at 179.  Ewan Hay was immediately reintroduced into the attack at the Hospital end; his first ball in his new spell sent the batters off stump cartwheeling back with the score at 179 and Sutton were home with a 15-run victory in the 48th over and 20 points.
The members, guests and spectators on this President’s Day game had everything a game of cricket can offer, concern, danger, excitement and success, as well as hospitality on a very hot summers’ day.
Peter Bell
Match Reporter
Sutton Coldfield 1st XI 2025
Nick Baker, Chairman writes on the 15 Sep - 15:52
1st XI Strong 2025 Performance
Jacob Squire Wood led the 1st XI in a competitive Warwickshire Div 1.
Played 22, Won 9, Losing Draw 3, Lost 8, Abandoned 2, with 259 Points &
Position 6 in the league of 12 teams
With the bat, both Phil Dunnett (top score 116) and Felix Haines scored 441 runs. Raul Ram 354 runs and OGN 340 runs also contributed at critical moments.
With the ball Felix Haines came 3rd in the league with 41 wickets at 15.39. George Dyche 35 wickets and Sam Hay 22 respectively.
WARWICKSHIRE CRICKET LEAGUE for the 1995 SEASON
DIVISION 1 - 1st Team
Positions in league table
Batting
Players
Inns
NOs
High
Runs
Ave
50s
100s
23
Phil Dunnett
14
0
116
441
31.5
2
1
24
Felix Haines
20
2
54
441
24.5
1
0
36
Raul Ram
15
1
79*
354
25.29
2
0
40
Oliver Gray
17
3
47
340
24.29
0
0
Bowling
Players
Overs
Mdns
Runs
Wkts
Ave
Best
5w
7w
3
Felix Haines
185
35
631
41
15.39
4 for 35
0
0
7
George Dyche
150
16
703
35
20.09
4 for 69
0
0
28
Sam Hay
167
25
643
22
29.23
3 for 17
0
0
36
Raul Ram
124.5
18
533
20
26.65
3 for 39
0
0
49
Ewan Hay
132.3
15
589
30
19.63
5 for 17
1
0
Partnerships
10
Phil Dunnett & James Dalton
74
V
Harborne at Harborne
2nds End the Season in 3rd Position!
Nick Baker writes on the 15 Sep - 15:20
Well done the 2's !
Well done to the 2nd XI led by Jon Miller this year.Played 20, Won 9, Winning Draw 1, Losing Draw 1, Lost 6, Abandoned 3, a total of 259 Points.
Great batting performances from Rayyan, with an average of 58 followed by Toby Baker av49 and Regan Beamish ave 36.
With the ball the young bowling set up of Dan Wright 21 wkts, Sam Little 19 wkts and Harry Baker 18 wkts all did well and Jack Allen's 6-11 against Solihull Municiple being a highlight.
Sutton 3rd Xl Win Promotion from Division 8 West
With one match in this cricket season to go, in the 8 West League, Sutton have gained automatic promotion as runner up in their league with a resounding win by 189 runs over Moseley 4th in Rectory Park.
Winning the toss and batting first, Sutton scored 313 runs for 4 in their allotted 45 overs. Jim Little opened the batting and carried his bat; not out with 142 runs to his credit. He was helped in a 3rd wicket partnership with Darren Fry of 218 whose contribution was 94.
The 218 runs partnership is a record for the 3rd wicket by the 3rd XL and Jim’s score is one of the highest scores for an opening batsman who was undefeated.
Moseley were all bowled out for 124 runs in 37.3 overs with the wickets being shared with Charlie Dale-Harris taking 3 wickets for 21 runs.
However, in the last match of the season the 3rd Xl were away to Shenley Fields 2nd XL, and winning the toss decided to bat and were all out for 171 runs in 43.2 overs.
In reply the home side were 18 for 7 wickets in 7 overs when heavy rain caused the game to be abandoned. Sutton gained 10 points to Shenley Fields 8 points.
Congratulations to Sutton’s 3rds winning the Division 8 West league with 300 points and the runner up were Kings Heath 3rds on 284 points.
Promotion for the 4's!!
Nick Baker writes on 11 Sep 25
Congratulations to Martins Mighty 4s
What a fantastic season for the 4's Finishing 2nd in Warks DIVISION 10 West.Played 17, 12 Wins, 4 Loss 1 Abandoned.
Hall of Fame Batting - Ian Hay with 363 runs & Toby Baker with top score of 104 (who also went on to score 50+ for 3rd and 2nd XI's)
Bowling Harry Matthews - with 16 wickets and a best of 5/23
But again, the success of this team is down to the squad and team efforts and performances by individuals for the team. Thanks to Martin Jones for continued enthusiasm and management of the squad. Well done everyone!!
Sutton 4th Xl Win Promotion from Division 10 West
Congratulations also to the 4th Xl for promotion as runners-up in the 10th Division West League.
Sutton 4th are runners up in Division 10 West to Bridge Trust OB 2nd Xl. The seasons results were based on a percentage points system as two grounds were unfit or not available witch effect four teams including Sutton game away to Pickwick. The points were 17.11 to 15.77 and the points were 308 to 268, if Sutton’s match against Pickwick had been played and won by Sutton the league positions would have remained unchanged.
However, the last game of the season for the 4th was against Bridge Trust OB’s and was an outstanding win for Sutton by 9 wickets, having bowled the OB’s out for 89 runs in Rectory Park in 20.3 over. Sutton in their reply scored 91 runs for the loss of one wicket in 9.2 overs gaining 20 points with the OB’s receiving nil points.
The Arden Sunday League
7th & 8th – Harborne and Standard are both relegated.
U17s Warwickshire T20 Semi Final
Nick Baker15 Sep - 15:37
Sutton lose out to Moseley in a wet and windy encounter
On a very wet and windy morning at Rectory Park, following the end of season celebrations, the U17 team took on Moseley in the Warwickshire T20 Blast Semi Final.Sutton put a Moseley team with several Warwickshire Under-18 players into bat.
An early wicket from skipper Ewan Hay, bowing the county opener set the tone, excellent in the field Sutton pressed on with 2 more quick wickets from Harry Baker, who nearly competed a hattrick.
In the field, led by Gus Lea behind the stumps, Marco Thornton, Harry Matthews, Henry Eustace, Tom Dudley and Dan Wright all committed 100%Moseley kept the scoreboard ticking over very well and recovered from 40-3 to a final position of 170-6.
With the bat the pressure of the inbound rain storm meant SCCC had to achieve a minimum strike rate of 8.6, falling a fraction short despite some great hitting from Dylan Jones, Sam Little and Ewan Hay.SCCC made it to 124-8 before the heavens opened and closed the 2025 season.
Well done to a great team of promising players.
Thanks also to the team of volunteers who helped out in the morning and to DJ Haines who kept us all entertained
The Annual Dinner -7th November 2025
For the second year the Club’s Annual Dinner was held on Friday 7th November 2024 in the Club’s Pavilion.
The event was attended by some 80 members, which included active, past players and Ladies. MAB Catering, the SCC&HC’s resident Pavilion Manager produced a three-course meal, which includer a hot and slightly spice soup, a chicken course and a cheese board.
The evening commenced with the Chairman Nick Baker, giving a brief welcome and a rundown on the successes of all the teams – The 2025 season was probably the most successful playing record across all teams the Club has ever had in its 178 years
The formal evening commenced with the President, James Ross saying grace: - A repeat of the grace of last year’s Annual Dinner
The Chairman highlighted the success of the Clubs teams and thanked a number of members for their efforts in the voluntary performance behind the Club’s success: -
Iin particular Friday evenings when over 100 youngsters attended the various age groups coaching sessions.
Over 25 games were played by Under-13’s and Under-14’s on Sunday mornings
The Under 15’s  Played 8 games; won 5; lost 2;& 1 no result because of rain.
The Under 17’s- getting into the Warwickshire County T20 Cup semifinal.
The Chairman also thanked the following members for their efforts; -
Andy Neal   –     Junior Coach
Mike Hepburn – Ground Chairman
Peter Bell    –     Girls Cricket
Nick concluded by informing his audience that the awards would be made in between the dinner courses with the 4th and 3rd teams first and the second interval would be the 2nd and 1st teams.
4th Team Awards
This was made by the captain, Martin Jones who gave a few details about the success of the team in gaining promotion from the 10 West WCL, in particular that 9 players made their debuts in the 4th team of which 7 were under 17 years of age.
Commenting on the batting, Martin referred to the team having 14 significant partnerships over 50 runs out of 17 matches, with 5 personal 50’s and 1 player; Toby Baker with 104 runs to his name as well as scoring 70 runs in another game. Martin went on to say that: - Ian Hay had scores of 96 and 88 both not out, Arslaan Raza 77, Dylan Jones 68 no, Jim Spencer 67 no, Harry Matthews 57 and Marcus Smith 56 runs.
In the bowling, three players took 5 wickets; Harry Matthews for 23, Dan Thacker for 31 and Henry Eustace for 39 runs.
Awards went to: -
Batter   -   -    -   Ian Hay
Bowler –  -    -   Azam Arif
All rounder  –   Qasim Arif
As an elderly observer, from the comfort of a bench outside the main pavilion. it was obvious that the 4th team always appeared to have a good supportive crowd of spectators.
This was followed by a presentation from the 3rd team Captain Daran Fry
The announcement by Darran that they had won the 8th West League and would be promoted next season, was greeted with a round of applause. Darran went on to say that won 11 out of their 18 games lost only 3 of which 2 were against Erdington, formerly Aston Unity, and a tied game at home to Handsworth, but getting 2 extra points. It appears that the game against Shenley Fields was on video when Ben Dawson bowled the last Shenley batter to win the game by 1 run. The result was everyone stormed the pitch to celebrate.
Darran gave a few personal tributes a number of players; Toby Baker 83 runs after the team were put into bat by Handsworth on their Holford Drive ground on what was a difficult pitch to bat on.
The 3rd team batting award went to Jim Little with 2 centuries; 142 not out against a strong Mosley bowling attack and a 108 against Handsworth. He finished 2nd in the 8 West League with the second total runs of 440 runs at average 55.0 from only 10 games and was a clear winner of the batting award
In the bowling the team’s leading bowler was Ksitij Reddy who finished 9 in the 8 West League table with 20 wickets at an average of 18.1 r/w, with a 4 for 14 away at Moseley. However, there were a number of other outstanding performances with the ball; Daniel Wright with 4 for 24 against Blossomfield; Ethan Walcott 3 for 11 off 7 overs against Earlswook; Luke Bishop performance against Studley was 5 for 2 runs and also his support as the team’s vice-captain.
The allrounder in the side was Ksitij who finished 8th in the team’s batting averages with a strike rate of 100 with a highest score of 44 not out. In the fielding department he was one of the best fielders in the Club. His run out throw-in from cow-corner boundary was magnificent, which will be remember for a long time
Ksitij was an outstanding player in all three departments of the 3rd team game this 2025 season and gets my award.
3rd Team Awards
Batter  -   -  -  - Jim LittleBowling  -  -  -  Ben DawsonAll Rounder  -  Ksitij Reddy
The Sunday League Awards.
When the dinner’s main course was completed, the Sunday team, who play in the Arden Premier Sunday League was presented by Ben Dunnington. However, Ian Hay intervened Ben to explain that many of the teams in this league have high quality players. He went on to say, that many of the clubs who only play Saturday Cricket in the senior midland cricket leagues, plus overseas players and don’t play Sunday Cricket competed for clubs in the Arden Premier Sunday League for financial reward. He then gave an example; that one of these players was paid £100 and a £1.00 for every run scored in a game, so the standard of cricket is very high. As the Club’s reporter I thought Ian’s interjection was very informative.
The Captain mentioned that the team finished 4th out of the 8 team in the Premier Division a very creditable efforts by all players who were available for Sunday Cricket. With special mention to Ewan Hay who was 20th in the League’s bowling figures 18 wickets at an average of 17.2 and a best of 5 for 16 R/W. Also mentioned was Spencer Gray-Nimmo who scored 340 runs with an average of 28. His highest score was 90, but he did score over 50 runs on 4 occasions.
Assumed the batting award was made to Spencer and bowling award went to Ewan Hay.
The 2nd Team Award.
The next presentation was by Jonathan Miller, the 2nd team captain who spoke off the cuff, without any notes, mentioning that the team had finished 3rd in the Warwickshire Division 6th and he went on to mention several players who contributed to the team’s success; Rayyan Subbani who finished 14 in the leagues batting averages with a total of 406 runs at an average of 58.0. In the bowling Daniel Wright took 33 wickets at a cost of 13.8 R/W and 18th in the league’s averages. The allrounder was Sam Little
Batting  -  -  -  Rayyan Sheikh Subbani
Bowler -  -  - - Dan Wright
All Rounder -  Sam Little
The 1st Team Awards were made by Captain Jacob Squire-Wood
The first team finished a very creditable 6th in the Warwickshire 1st Division, winning 9 of their 22 matches.
Batting  -  -  - Phil Dunnett
Bowling   -  -  Felix Haines
All-rounder  - Sam Hay
Other Awards made by the Chairman, Nick Baker
The Terry Matthews Award to a junior player went to Tom Dudley.
10 Not Out Award – went to Andy Neal.
Heads & Tails was won by Sam Hay –
Our President, James Ross
James made three awards
Ian Hay was made a Vice President
Martin Jones was also awarded a Vice President
The third award was offering Life Membership to the retiring Chairman Nick Baker for outstanding service to the Club over many years, which was very well received by the assembled members and guests.
The event was concluded at 10.15 pm
Notice of Cricket AGM – 26th Nov 25
Nick Baker22 Oct - 18:36
Share
Notice of AGM November 26th SCCC, Rectory Park, 7pm
Notice of the AGM November 26th, to be held at SCCC, Rectory Park.Chairmans ReportTreasurers ReportElection of Officers : Chairman, Secretary, Welfare Officer.
Please advise Nick Baker, Ian Hay, Jamie Ross of intentions to stand or if any more information is needed for any of the elected roles.
ALL WELCOME TO ATTEND
The calling of this AGM was by modem technology rather than using method described in the Club’s constitution by e-mail and on the Club’s notice board.
Agenda for an Annual General Meeting 26th November 2025 at 7:00pm At Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club
Agenda Items
Attendees
Apologies
Approval of the Minutes of the 2024 AGM
Chairman's Report
Treasurer's Report - Approval of Accounts
Election of Officers
Chair
Secretary
Welfare Officer
Proposed Constitutional Amendments — raised by Peter Bell
Title and Management Body (Clause 1. Title)
Amendment: Replace the words The Limited Company is controlled by a General-Purpose Committee (GPC)" with The Limited Company is controlled by 'The Council or Council of Management (CoM)
Membership Application Display (Clause 3. Membership)
Issue: The constitution states that application details (name and seconder) shall be displayed in the "Clubhouse's.
Context: The Cricket Club uses a Pavilion and a Lower Ground Pavilion, not a Clubhouse, as the boxing clubhouse is located elsewhere'. The lease with BCC also refers to the SCC&HC headquarters as the Pavilion
Amendment: Change the wording to remove the requirement for application/seconder details to be displayed. Any other reference to Clubhouse can be changed to Pavilion.
Management Committee Voting (Clause 7. Management Committee)
Issue: The constitution states: "Only these members of the Committee shall be entitled to vote at Committee Meetings".
Implication: It must be assumed that those not on the committee, but in attendance (e.g., Life Members and perhaps V.P.'s), cannot vote. They should still be advised of such meetings
8.   Any Other Business
Womens and Girls Cricket
Memorandum of Association: All SCCC members need to be made aware that they are governed by the Memorandum of Association with SCC&HC Limited, dated 6th December 1974. This document needs to be updated, and the Cricket Club must have an input in the replacement.
Action: NB involved in this; noted to AGM attendees.
Membership Liability: Membership numbers need to be reported to the SCC&HC Limited due toa £1.00 members liability clause'.
Action: NB to advise SCCHC.
Meeting Minutes Circulation: There is a concern that the Cricket Club has become a "secret society" because minutes are not circulated
Heritage Display: Why have the club's heritage items not been returned to their original place in the Pavilion after decoration, rather than being placed in the corridors? Many members find the corridors an inappropriate position
Freehold Acquisition: Acquiring the freehold of the 8.23 acres from BCCC
In case no Minutes are recorded or circulated I have set out below my personal notes
Apologies
Mike Hepburn as he was at a league meeting and from a parent Paul Long.
Minutes of the Meeting of the 7th November 2024.
The Chairman apologised that no minutes were available.
Treasures Report
Kirsty gave a very detailed report from the attached document and answered several questions with confidence and satisfactory to all. I asked about my cheque in support of Girls cricket, but the Ex-Chairman was not certain about it being banked and I was asked to check my bank statement.  Also, what was our membership numbers. To which Nick Baker stated that he believed it to be around 140 members but as family members.
25 BinIrs4 INCOME
Actual 2025
Budget
2025
Differencer./.EXPENSES
Actual
2025
Budget
2025
Difference+/-
Play Cricket
Play Cricket
Senior MembershipFull
21.922
22,925
' Ow, Cost of shirts
4.883
357
Social
75
500
Coaching
4.704
-204
Cost of Umpires/Scorers
2.268
533
Senior Match Fees
4620
4,000
620 Cost of Winter Nets
3.003
197
Junior Match Fees
1893
2.000
Payments to Players
3,850
3,350
Winter Nets Income
4931
4.500
431 Misc Equip
2.226
1 726
Friday night Income
2380
3.000
Cricket Balls
1 497
3
Indoor Cricket
172
0
172 Cost of Indoor Cricket
280
-280
Sub Total
35692
36,925
Sub Total
17,828
19,700
Donations
1437
2,000
Ground
Ground Supplies
3,367
7.000
3,633
Sponsorships
Ground Labour
18.529
12.350
4.179
Match day sponsors
1100
1.200
Sub Total
19,896
19,350
Specific Sponsorships
1860
4.500
ECB Grant
23200
23,200
Sub Total
27597
30.900
Misc Expenses
Misc. Income
GPC Contribution
4,000
4 000
0
BI30 Exp
2,511
1.000
-1,511
Bar BO
3857
2.200
Stripe Fees
1.648
2,000
352
Sublets/Misc Tea Inc
2089
1,500
League fees/affiliations
1,358
650
-708
200 Club Income
1056
1.450
'4i4 Insurance
179
300
121
EasyFundranung
118
150
ECB Grant spend
324365
23200
.9,485
M.sc Income
1165
1.000
Pitchero foes
418
456
38
Socials/Dinner'
2419
2.500
:" Social Expenses
1,382
1,900
518
Bank Charges
45
60
15
Sub Total
10704
8,800
1.9(4 Sub Total
44.207
33.566
Totals
-5.267
rZ333
7Z600
Total 'n,.ome - total outgo■no,
-45981
81,931
72,818
Bank Balance
No 1 account
E567.50
No 2 account
E 5 186.69
Total funds
Peter Bell proposed that the treasurers report be accepted.
Nothing positive resulted regarding the item raised by Peter Bell in the latter part of the agenda although he did point out that his knowledge on young girls’ cricket was supplied in writing by Paul Long a parent. As there were insufficient Girls to make a team. This appeared to be the case in the regarding the WCCC.
The next item was regarding the circulating of minutes as Peter described the Committee Meetings were being run by a secret society, as minutes had not been circulated for two years. Nothing positive came out of that topic.
John Robinson raised an issue concerning the Cricket Club’s photographs & its heritage items had been removed from the Pavilion’s internal walls to be painted and were now displayed in the corridors leading to the toilets and the players’ entrance which John considered it was an inappropriate resighting. Nothing positive resulted, other than the asbestos in the walling was raised by Ian Hay who obviously nothing about the construction of the building in 1974. However, the retiring chairman, Nick said that was a matter that should be addressed to the SCC&HC Limited.
The issue of acquiring the Freehold of the 8.23 acres from BCC was never raised other than the issue of a car had driven through the roadway fence into our leased playing area a vehicle went through the fence, and travelers had been seen in the park so Peter Bell informed the members that he had paid £350 to have the fence repaired with the post being set in concrete. Mr. Haines enquired, why had we not involved our insurers. Peter informed the meeting that the last Park’s manager John Porter had informed the SCCC that the fence would not be replaced by the BCC and that is why the FoRP and some from the SCCC planted 1,000 whips along the roadway fence only for someone to spray them with a week killer and for the mowers to removing them altogether. Peter also mentioned that he had met up with a lady who works for a French company in the planting of 500 whips in the Newdigate Road Park and he would follow up.
Absent from the meeting was a Ground Chairman report and no Committee members were elected or 1st team captain, and Peter criticized that our website was out of date in particular the 10 documents; (such as the 2021 AGM & the revised AGM of 2021, the New Year 2022 and the minutes of last AGM of 26th October 2023).
Peter Bell wrote to the president the next day to express his disappointment in the outcome of the meeting and that he would see that an EGM took place before the 2026 season commences.
That evening, John Robinson rang Peter on behalf of the President to ask him not to say or do anything regarding the AGM or EGM as it was important the new committee settle in to their new posts. Peter reluctantly agreed.
John W. Ratledge
John Ratledge was Born on 13th January 1932 and Died on 17th November 2025, aged 93.
According to the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club annual fixture cards, John joined the club as a player in 1960 and continued playing until the end of the 1967 season, before he was recorded in the none playing list in the 1968 fixture card.
in 1962 John was elected captain of the Owls, (4th team on Saturdays). There is a note in the club’s history that the Owl’s played 20 games - won 12, lost 2, with 8 games either, not being played because of the weather, or abandoned because of rain and the history qualified this by stating no drawn games. In 1963 John was elected Hawkes captain (3th team on Saturdays) which he did in the 1964 and 1965 seasons.
In 1964 John was elected on to the General Committee and remained on that committee for 4 years 1964 – 67 seasons. However, in 1962 John assisted A. D. Whittaker, the Social Secretary in the organising the Annual Dance in the Town Hall; A. D. Whittaker and John Ratledge made £100 profit. In the 1994 at the Annual Dance the same two gentlemen achieved a profit of £131. These two events were recorded by Sharp in the club’s history. As it was an annual dance; I assume he same two gentlemen also organised in 1993 dance but it may not have been as profitable and therefore not recorded. My personal diary said; I also attended the event in 1963.
I can remember John was a very stronger supporter of the “Festival Shield” and was present for virtually every game for what is now called in world-wide cricket; “20 twenty”
John Ratledge
John Ratledge was very much involved with the replacement of the thatched roof pavilion according to the writings of Norman Sharp in 1964 “The Pavilion was considered to have a limited life left and that the time was ripe to go ahead with plans for a more modern building. Accordingly, a sub-committee was appointed to review the prospects. This committee was formed to consider a new Pavilion consisting of the Hon Secretary, G.B. Thompson, D. Alford (Quantity Surveyor), L.O. Tippins (Architect), D.P. Locker (Solicitor), W.N. Houghton (Captain), and J. W. Ratledge. The latter gentleman brought a business man’s approach and expertise to this committee. However, I wonder in days world (2025) what did Norman have in his mind with to words “the time is ripe.” Looking back at the fixture cards of 1960 to 1965, the total membership associated with the cricket club totaled 351 in the 1962 fixture card. See the table below. Norman probably considered that with such a large membership, loans, gifs and grants would cover a typical cost of a new pavilion of £9,000 based on lots of £10. In 1974 when the Pavilion opened the risen to figure between £12,00 to £15,000.
Table on the Membership.
SCCC MEMBERSHIP 1960 to 1965
Season
President
Life Members
Vice Presidents
Playing Members
None Playing Members
Total membership
1960
1
3
78
72
124
278
1961
1
3
79
80
172
335
1962
1
3
83
97
167
351
1963
1
3
72
107
158
341
1964
1
3
69
81
172
326
1965
1
3
72
92
167
335
Looking Back on the Early Formation of Cricket Clubs
When you start to look back into the historical past, all sorts of information come to light. No more so, with the number of players who have played over the 178 years since the Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club was formed in 1847. That was before the Warwickshire County Cricket Club was officially formed on 8th April 1882, at a meeting in The Regent Hotel, Leamington Spa, by William Ansell to serve Birmingham's growing population, with the club establishing its home at Edgbaston in 1885. The Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club was believed to be the fourth Cricket Club to be formed in the Birmingham. Further research produced the following overview on Midlands Cricket
Several local cricket clubs were established in the Midlands well before the formal county clubs were founded in the mid-to-late 19th century.
Earliest Recorded Midlands Cricket Clubs
Walsall Cricket Club: The club claims a history dating back to 1812 and celebrated its bicentenary in 2012. According to records at Lord's, the official start date is noted as 1833.
Enville Cricket Club: Cricket has been played at the Enville Hall ground in Staffordshire since at least 1821, the year of the first recorded game held to mark King George IV's coronation. The club was officially formed by the local landowner at that time. The ground was once described by the London Illustrated News as the "finest cricket ground in the world" in 1857. On the 23 Jul 2021 the Enville Club, celebrates its 200th birthday. Officially the oldest cricket club in the Midlands.
Birmingham Cricket Club: This club was started in 1819, with members from the town's young elite playing at Ladywood.
West Bromwich Dartmouth: This club was officially recorded as starting in 1833, the same year as Walsall according to Lord's records.
Wolverhampton: This club was formed in 1835.
Birchfield Cricket Club: This club was established in 1840.
Harborne Cricket Club: Founded in 1868 by a group of young men from St Peter's and the Baptist Church, it is now one of the largest in the Midlands.
Shifnal Cricket Club: Formed by James Leake in 1849. In 1851 an agreement was entered into between a James Leake and Thomas Clarke for the local cricket ground in Haughton.
The Pickwick Club, now located in Wake Green Road was founded in 1858, and had its own ground in St Paul's Road, as well as a fine reputation.
Coventry & North Warwickshire Cricket Club: Formed in 1851 at the club's ground in Binley Road, Coventry.
Early Mentions of Cricket
The various county cricket clubs in the Midlands were formed much later.
Leicestershire County Cricket Club created in 1820 (reformed in 1879 into its modern county structure.
Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club: While cricket was played at the Trent Bridge Inn site in the 1830s, the ground was officially laid out in 1841, and the county club was founded that same year.
Yorkshire County Cricket Club was formed on 8 January 1863 at a meeting of the Match Fund Committee which had been established two years earlier
Chapter XXlll – 2026
Index
Chapters
Period
Page
17
2016 – 2017
1
18
2018 – 2019
31
19
2020 – 2021
54
20
2022
83
21
2023
116
22
2024 – 2025
145
23
2026
172
Index
Latest Update - Entry 12th January 2026
Ajjaagatatt