Chapter Xll. 1980 – 1989
Annual General Meeting 1980
After a period of three years as Chairman, Ron Smith stood down and Peter Wells was elected with the President paying tribute to Ron for his services to the Club.  Keith Gardom as captain for the last two years stood down to devote more time to the family business and Mike Rex Hepburn was duly elected as First team captain.
James Ross who was becoming a regular last season for the 1st team also stood down and Derrick Murphy took over the second team captaincy.  Richard Sperryn now umpiring with the first team on Sundays also stood down and Richard Glover was elected captain of both the Hawks and Grasshoppers.
The meeting also agreed that Peter Wells who ran summer cricket for the juniors decided the Peter would run a Colts Team (for under 18 boys), which had been a great success and helped in increasing the membership with the younger players getting good class of cricket, therefore it would be a committee position.
Annual Dinner
The Annual Dinner; held on Friday 25th January in the Pavilion at Rectory Park with the President acting as MC.   A toast to Sutton Coldfield C.C. was proposed by Leslie Deakins. Secretary of Warwickshire C.C.C.  which our newly elected captain Mike Hepburn replied on behalf of the Club.  Richard Sperryn, in a humorous rendering proposing a toast to the guests which Jim Cumbes, Worcestershire C.C.C. and later Chairman of Lancashire C.C.C. replied, makes reference to being one of the last players to play both professional cricket and football.
1st Xl Review
Michael Dixon once again completed over 1,000 runs in a season for the 11th consecutive season with a total of 1,022 runs and joined as one of three elite batsmen to score over 12,500 runs for the Club with a grand total of 12,591 and announcing his retirement at the end of the season but still managed a couple of centuries, 105 runs against Aston Unity & 110 runs against Stratford.
What a player, captain, batsman and a fine fielder positioned in the slips with a very safe pair of hands was Michael.  Chris Barber scored three centuries in the season; 101 runs at home to Loughborough Town; 104 runs away to Knowle & Dorridge; 195 runs at home to Mosley Ashfield and joined the 1,000 a season with a total of 1,169 runs.
Another centurion was Graham Williamson with 105 runs not out at home to Aldridge and totaled 1,022 runs in the season. Our fourth 1st team player to pass the 1,000 run mark was James Ross with 1,003 runs. Mike Joseph also scores a 100 runs against Olton.
The best bowling performance was a very fiery young fast bowler; Rod Long took 9 for 38 for 1st Xl against Leamington. And relative newcomer to the Club was John Robinson takes 5 for 65 against Moseley Ashfield, while in the spin department Keith Gardom took 5 for 34 against Barnt Green.
Hawkes Xl
Mark Bell continued to show good promise against and bowled virtually unchanged against Pedmore taking 6 wickets for 72 runs in 16 overs.
Lower Ground Pavilion
The lower ground pavilion was burnt down by vandals or was it the Tramp who slept rough in it during the winter months.  However, it was rebuilt by the members.
C.B. Radio & Painting
Citizens Band radio is a system of short-distance radio communications between individuals on a selection of 40 channels within the 27-MHz (11 m) band. In the United Kingdom, C.B. radio was first legally introduced in 1981, but had been used illegally for some years prior. In December 2006, C.B. radio was deregulated.  However, in 1979 a local group of CB enthusiast was formed and granted a weekly Thursday evening sublet of the Clubs premises by the GPC.  As a jester of goodwill, they offered to paint the outside of the pavilion in the summer of 1980 for a small fee.  This they did, but unfortunately, they decided to paint the old pine strip bench seats that were situated in front of the pavilion.  It was however a very slow drying paint required for covering asbestos, which was the material of the outside walls of the pavilion, taking months to dry off completely.  This resulted in many of the player including our visitors obtaining green strips imprinted on their cricket flannels which were totally resistant to dry cleaning.
For several season later, you recognized from behind those who had played at Rectory Park in the latter half of the 1980 season.
Solihull
so lucky
Sutton Coldfield's first team were cruelly denied their first Duncan Fearnley League victory of the season at Rectory Park on Saturday.
At Rectory Park, Sutton were poised for victory with Solihull struggling on 55 for nine when the heavens opened.
The man largely responsible for putting Sutton in such a position of strength was seamer John Robinson who bowled superbly to claim seven wickets for 22. Bob Strachan also bowled well to finish with 2-28.
Sutton's out cricket was also very impressive and Graham Williamson took three fine catches. Only two Solihull batsmen managed to reach double figures.
For the second day running, the weather spoiled Sutton's chances of getting a result at Rectory Park. this time their opponents were Milford Hall.
Put in to bat, Sutton were in good form with Chris Barber hitting a sparkling 92. James Ross (50) and Keith Gardom (43) made significant contributions before Sutton made a generous declaration at 195 for three.
In-form John Robinson captured three quick wickets but the match was prematurely ended by rain.
Report taken from the Sutton Coldfield News in the summer of 1980
M.C.C.C. League Annual Dinner
The M.C.C.C. League Dinner which was becoming an annual event was held as in previous years at the St John's Hotel, Solihull which was sponsored by the cricket bat manufacture Duncan Fearnley and the Willis Faber Insurance company which was well supported by the Sutton Club members, who hired a coach to transport them there and back.
Annual General Meeting 1981
With the President in the chair, there were number of changes in the elected of the committee. Tony Malek stepped down after two years as treasure and a very relative new member Mark Hipperson who was studying accountancy offered his services and he was duly elected.  The second Team had a new captain in Mike Joseph, as did the Hawkes with Richard Sperryn returning to play on Saturdays.  Mark Hipperson and another new member Michael Stokes took on the captaincy of the Grasshoppers and Owls respectively.
Annual Dinner
The Annual Dinner was still well attended and was held in the Pavilion on Friday 30th January with our President conducting the event.  The toast to the Club was delivered by Barry Meyer Gloucestershire C.C.C. and was now on the first-class umpires list, which Graham Williamson made a warm response.
A Toast to the Guests proposed by Bob Strachan on behalf of the Club, took advantage as the doctor for several first team members, obviously having their received permissions proceeded to make some very humorous remarks about their medical ailments.  Peter Lowe, Warwickshire Pilgrims C.C. and an ex-Sutton player made a very entertaining response.
1st Xl
Very little regarding results or individual payers’ performances were recorded except centauries were scored by Chris Barber 108 runs; Mark Rogers with 104 runs and Gavin Weston with 101 runs.
Fixtures
The annual blank Saturday fixture allowed the Club to set a side one day with no cricket being involves, titled a “Donkey Derby”, so that all members could be involved in a fund-raising scheme. Now after a 9-year run, it was abandoned, so and the block fixture against the Bromsgrove club was reintroduced.
Top Ground Score-box
Vandals attacked the Score- box with a petrol bomb and it was burnt to the ground and rebuilt by Frank Lamb with members’ subscribing the funds.
Festival Shield
The Festival Shield now referred to as the Jubilee Shield, with invitations being sent to the weaker local team and Sutton put in a 3rd team and were worthy winners
Annual General Meeting 1982
There were a few changes in the officers elected for this year with John Robinson taking over as Hon Secretary from Andy Blagrove and James Ross replacing Mark Hipperson.
There were also changes in some of the team captains with Mike Joseph being responsible for both the Saturday and Sunday second teams while Andy Blagrove took over the Hawkes and R Evans the Grasshopper.
Annual Dinner
The annual dinner was again held in the Club’s pavilion on Friday 29th January 82 with the President presiding over the.  Bob Evans from the MCCC proposing a toast to the Club and Mike Joseph responding.  Don Williams proposed a toast to the guests, which Bomber Wells, Gloucestershire & Nottinghamshire CCC’s responded.
ICC World Cup
The Koninklijke Nederlandse Cricket Bond or The Royal Netherlands Cricket Association or simply Holland was entertained by a strong Sutton side in a 60 over ICC warm up game.  Holland and score 293 for 4 wickets before bowling the Sutton side out for 178 in the last over.
The Sutton Coldfield Side v RNCA
The Royal Netherlands Cricket Association team v Sutton Coldfield
Sorry, no name of the players were available
CANADA v USA
Sutton Coldfield hosted the ICC 60 over cup game between Canada 233 runs v USA 95 all out.  This was the 100 meeting between these two cricketing countries
ICC
Peter Bell umpired the ICC K.O. game between Kenya; who scored 210 runs for the loss of 8 wickets against Papua New Guinea who were bowled out for 173.  After the game Peter was presented with a pair of cuff links by Papua New Guinea.
1st Team Highlights for the 1982 Season
Graham Williamson scores 105 not out against Olton at Rectory Park and a young Andrew Hodder scored his maiden century of 100 runs against Fordhouse and at Streetly he took 6 wickets for 49 runs.  Three other bowlers each took 6 wickets, Bob Strachan for 24 runs against Stratford, Derrick Murphy for 67 runs against Ashby and Dave Torry also for 67 runs against Coventry & NW and then chipped in with 5 for 28 runs against Aston Unity.
2nd Xl
George Griffith scored a fine 115 not out on his debut for the Club against Bewdley away.
The Cricket Nets
The cricket nets, that had resided between the two grounds for many years was moved towards the car park and parallel to the road way.  The new net area was placed on a concrete surface was laid and consisted for two lanes suitable netting between the lanes.
Annual General Meeting 1983
A double change occurs at the 1983 AGM with both Peter Wells and John Robinson standing down as Chairman and Treasurer respectively with Peter Bell taking on the chairmanship and George Griffith as secretary and both Peter and John were thanked by the President for Peter’s efforts over the last three years and he was duly elected a Life Member   Mike Joseph stood down as 2nd team captain, as he wished to establish a first team place, and Tony Malek was therefore appointed as 2nd team captain.  The Hawkes had a change of captaincy with Allan Southam, a relative newcomer to join the club from Water Orton C.C replacing Andy Blagroves.
Annual Dinner
The annual dinner was again held in the Pavilion on Friday 28th January with a toast to the Club being given by Phil Richardson for the Moseley Ashfield C.C and the chairman made a witty response referring to some of the senior members’ attributes.  Andy Luckhurst proposed a toast to the guests which Guy L. Willatt. Captain of Cambridge University, Derbyshire and Scotland made an interesting response about his career in cricket
1983 Season Highlights
The 1st Xl season was somewhat disappointing having played 40 games and only won 11, and lost 9, drew 15, and abandoned 5 games, which included the M.C.C.C. Saturday League results of having played 22, won 3, lost 6, drew 9, and 4 were abandoned, although in the Sunday games better results were achieved.
Chris Barber was top of both the aggregate number of runs scored with 856 at an average of 34.2, and was followed by Andy Hodder who finished the season with 724 and an average of 31.5.  In third place was James Ross with 685 runs and an average of 22.8.  A new player to the Club was Graham Williamson with 637 runs and average of 28.9.
In the game against Leicester Ivenhoe at Rectory Park Chris Barber scored 140 runs in a 2nd wicket partnership with Mike Joseph of 176 runs with Mike contributing 54 runs.  James Ross also scored a hard worked century against Knowle & Dorridge with 113 runs & Gary Moore taking 5 wickets for 43 runs in a cliffhanger drawn game away against K&D.
Sutton batted first scoring 203 for 4 wickets and K&D in their reply finished on 200 for 9.
Andrew Hodder took 84 wickets in the season at an average of 15.2; including 4 for 3 runs against Bromsgrove; 6 for 47 @ Water Orton; & 6 for 60 runs against Stratford & 6 for 70 runs against Coventry &NW and Bob Strachan in a day game at Rectory Park against Moseley Ashfield took 5 wickets for 55 runs.
The annual Bank Holiday Tuesday encounter was a very low scoring game at Aldridge, when Sutton batting first were shot out for only 52 runs but won by 14 runs when the home club was bowled out for 38 runs with Derrick Murphy taking 5 for 8 runs and John Robinson taking 3 for 13 runs.
Therefore, looking back on the 1983 season there were many outstanding individual performances in games that deserved a better result than a draw but in league cricket it did appear that it was more important in not losing a game than winning.
2nd Xl Stats: - Mark Bell takes 6 for 22 against Hampton in Arden
3rd Xl Stats: - 3rd XI win the Jubilee Shield.
Andy Hodder
Andy had now blossomed out as a top-class leg spin bowler and with his quality batting made him an exceptional all-rounder in the side, he finished second in the 1st teams’ aggregate number of runs with 724 runs for the season and averaging 31.5.  In the bowling department he took 84 wickets at an average of 15.2 runs per wicket and including 4 for 3 runs against Bromsgrove; 6 for 47 at Water Orton; 6 for 60 runs against Stratford and 6 for 70 runs against Coventry & NW.  Although he was a musician studying to play the French horn, he was a fine fieldsman taking some quality catches.
Other interesting Data
Other results were the 3rd XI win the Jubilee Shield.  Mark Bell took 6 wickets for 22 runs for the 2nd team against Hampton in Arden.
The Sutton Colts tour East Anglia organised and lead by Andy Biddle
Annual General Meeting 1984
The only major change on the committee was retirement of Roger Coombs as ground secretary a post he had held since 1975 and his efforts were duly appreciated by the members at the AGM.  Roger replacement was Mike Kennington.
Dave Jackson took over as the 2nd Team captain and R. Butfield the responsibilities for the Hawks from Allan Southam and Peter Well the captaincy of the Owls as and when they had games arranged with depended on the availability but with Peter’s involvement with the younger players with the Club’s summer junior boys’ cricket
Annual Dinner 1984
The annual dinner was again held in the Pavilion on Friday 27th January with Neil Abberley, Warwickshire C.C.C. proposing a toast to Club which the Chairman responded and propose a toast to the guests.  Tim Perkins of Blossomfield C.C. responded with several of his renderings on Black Country humour regarding “Aynuk and Ayli”
Sutton Coldfield 1st Xl 1984
Back row L to R: - Phil Berry, Umpire; Kate Hodder, Scorer; Graham Clarke; Graham Williamson; Andy Luckhurst; Bruce McLaren; Garry Moore; Mark Rogers; Front row L to R: - Neil Houghton; James Ross; Mike Hepburn; R. (Bob) Strachan.
Sunday Cricket
The Sunday one day John Players cricket involving the county clubs could be something that could possibly give an opening to quality players who were not interested in a full-time career in cricket.  Through the auspices of John Whitehouse, who had recently retired from the Warwickshire C.C.C. to devote a career in accountancy, suggested that there were opportunities for good class players to play and hopefully be noticed by the county club.  John organised a meeting of the senior Warwickshire based clubs to meet and consider his proposal which was agreed and the Warwickshire Sunday League was born and Sutton place both their 1st and 2nd teams into this limited 40 over a side over competition
1st Xl highlights 1984
Centauries by Mark Rogers, scores 110 runs against Solihull and Andy Luckhurst, who scores 103 not out against Kings Heath, and took 5 wks. for 59 runs against Harborne, and 6 for 28 runs against Coventry & NW.  The M.C.C.C. 1st XI league bowling trophy was awarded to Andy Luckhurst for an outstanding season with the ball.
2nd X1
A couple of notable performances were achieved in the 2nd with both Dave Jackson and John Robinson take a hat trick during the season but the star bowler was 52-year-old Ian King taking a total of 70 wickets in the season at an average of 11.4 runs per wicket.
Annual General Meeting 1985
A number of committee changes were made at the AGM, with James Ross handing the treasurer’s position over to Mick Hooper, after holding the post for three years. Les Smethurst also stood down after taking on the fixture secretary’s position in 1972 and was replaced by Andrew Beach.  With the retirement as captain of the 1st Team Mike Hepburn, the meeting decided that Graham Williamson would be the Saturday 1st Team captain. Andy Luckhurst would captain the Club’s side in the recently formed Warwickshire Sunday League. The 3rd team (Hawks and Grasshoppers) would have the same captain and R. Evans took over both teams as captain.
Annual Dinner 1985
The annual dinner was again held in the Pavilion on Friday 25th January with a toast to the Club was made by A.J. Franks Esq of Aldridge CC and a response was made by George Griffiths on behalf of the Club.  A toast to the Guests was proposed by Richard Sperryn in his usually lively and humourist manner and the response by A.E.R. Cotterill Esq was delivered in a similar fashion
Highlights of the 1985 Season
The 1st XI beat their local rivals, Aston Unity 4 times in the season; Once in the Warwickshire Sunday League, in the SCCC KO Competition; The Walmley KO of 8 ball x 15 over tournament and the Wishaw 6-A-Side.  The Club went on to win their own K.O. Cup for the first time and the following day they win the Wishaw Six a Side Cup.
2nd Xl
Chris Barber scored 94 not out in the 2nd Xl win over Leamington.
Sutton Coldfield Cup KO Winners 1985
Back row L to R: - Andrew Hodder, Richard Abel, Gary Moore, Graham Clarke, Bob McGowan, Andy Biddle (Wk), Front row L to R: - Geoff Hopkinson, Andy Luckhurst, Graham Williamson Captain, Mike Hepburn, Bob Strachan.
All Weather Pitch
An all-weather pitch was laid on the lower ground.
Obituary.
Andrew Beach
Before the season began, members were shocked to learn that their Fixture secretary, Andrew Beach had passed away after a relatively short illness at the young age of 41.   Andrew known affectionately as “Chub” or “Beachey” by his many friends, both in and outside of the cricket and hockey fraternity and was held in great respect by all crickets.  As a right arm off spin bowler, he had the great ability to turn a ball sideways off a good length.  Any new batsman who had never faced Andrew before would get a ball in his first over that spun like a top, so Andrew would not bowl another big turner, but left the batsman looking for the turn.
Andrew was educated at Taunton School where he learnt his cricket and joined Sutton Coldfield Cricket Club in 1963 and in his first season, he took 94 wickets playing initially in the 2nd team where he captured 90 wickets, of which 40 were stumped by his friend Roger Coombs, getting two games in the 1st Team he took 5 for 13 runs.  Andrew was a Sutton player through and through, although he could have played for any clubs’ 1st team.  Andrew was very unfortunate that Sutton had so many ex-county spinners and several young spinners, as well as those who were well established, like Les Pellow.  Nevertheless, Andrew had many outstanding performances with the ball as in 1975 against Aston Manor in a 1st Team game he took 6 wickets for 11 runs in 10 overs of which 6 were maidens.  In another game against Aldridge Sutton were short of bowlers and Andrew bowled unchanged at one end, bowling 19 overs of which 11 were maidens and he took 6 wickets for 11 runs.  On many occasions Andrew returned 5 wickets for single figures in the run’s column.  As a left hand batsman he always volunteered to bat at “10A” as it sounded better than last man, he was not known for batting long against a very quick bowler as the square leg umpire got in his way but against a slower ball he would attempt to put the ball out of the ground and against the Canadian National side in a 60 over a side preliminary ICC world cup game he hit two consecutive sixes on to the lower ground.
Andrew also played hockey and in the Sutton hockey club they ran a 4th team which was a social side and Andrew occupied the left-wing spot and holding the stick the wrong way round and always turned out for the away games wearing his cricket shirt and sweater and never looked like a hockey player but was the most jovial person you could play against both on and off the pitch.
Andrew was our fixture secretary at the time of his death and had three seasons as 2nd team captain 1972 to 1975 and was on the committee as the club’s social secretary in 1969 for a couple of years organizing the programme.  In one of the events, Andrew played the part of a ventriloquist dummy sitting on Graham Williamson knee, “a very funny act”.  (Note Graham passed away a few years ago after being stung by a bee which he was allergic too)
Andrew was a gentleman, small in stature but big in heart, everyone was most welcome to join his company; any new member was especially welcome.  He liked a social drink and was a person who can down a pint within few seconds, however he always knew when to stop, could always tell a good story many about himself, such as his refusal to take the Club’s on field clock, which was just over two foot in diameter for its annual service in the jewellery quarter of Birmingham, because standing only 5 foot tall he would get some wag shouting at him! “Hay mate most of us carry a pocket watch”.
It can’t go unsaid that Andrew, a stalwart of the Warwickshire Pilgrims Cricket Club and was their secretary for many years and was referred to as “Super Sec”.  The Pilgrims, in those days was a touring side playing mainly in East Sussex with a cricket base at the Saffrons ground and a hotel in Eastbourne for a two-week tour.  Andrew organised the fixture for the two sides that the Pilgrims ran daily, arranged accommodation and getting players to go on tour.  A great achievement, as no game was ever cancelled by the Pilgrims.
Andrew’s life was short but he lived it to its full, and still today some 30 years later his life brings back many happy memories to those who knew him.
Annual General Meeting 1986
There was only one change of officers at the AGM and that was Andy Luckhurst relinquishing the Sunday 1st Team captaincy and Graham Williamson taking it over, while retaining his position with the Saturday side.  Both Roger Coombs and Paul McCarthy were elected Life Members for their many years of service to the Club.
Les Smethurst took over the post as fixture secretary on a temporary basis following the sudden death of Andrew Beach.
1986 Cricket Results
Notable games involving the 1st Team was a last ball win over Halesowen C.C., with Graham Clarke taking the last wicket of his 6 wickets for 57 runs.
He also took 5 Walsall wickets for 98 runs bowling 23 overs before Walsall declared at 215 for 5 wickets then Sutton were bowled out for 96 runs.
In a 2nd Xl game, Neil Gamble bowled Stratford out for 34 runs with Neil Gamble figures were 6 wickets for 18 runs in 12 overs, Derrick Murphy took the other 4 wickets for 16 runs in 11 overs.   Sutton winning by 7 wickets.
Sutton won the Winter 8 a side indoor league, and the Wishaw 6 a side KO competition for the second consecutive year.
ICC World Cup
Sutton host an ICC game of 60 overs a side between Kenya who were all out for 82 runs against Zimbabwe who scored 85 runs for the loss of 3 wickets.
Peter Bell was again privileged to umpire an ICC 60 over a side game at Swindon C.C., Swindon Village, Gloucestershire between Gibraltar who were bowled out for 46 runs which Canada achieved in 3.5 overs without the loss of a wicket in getting 48 runs on a very wet wicket due to heavy morning rain causing a late start.
Sutton Colts on Tour
The Sutton Colts side again organised by Andy Biddle toured Cambridgeshire & District in the August playing at Exning, March Town, Bury St. Edmunds and Camden Cricket Clubs.
Extract from the 1986 Handbook & Fixture Card
Carol Griffith’s Cartoon on the Chairman, Peter Bell and the Secretary, George Griffith
Annual General Meeting 1987
A minute’s silence was observed by the meeting in memory of the recent death of Andrew Beach and a tribute was paid by the president for Andrew’s achievement and his devotion to the club.  The AGM produced a number of changes to the committee with the chairman, Peter Bell standing down after four seasons, 1983 to 1987 and Dr. Bob Strachan was duly elected as Chairman.
Paul O’Connor took over the Fixture secretary’s role, and the thanks were recorded for Les Smethurst stepping back into the job with the sudden death of Andrew.
Graham Williams stood down as 1st Team captain and was replaced by Geoff Hopkinson with John Dodge taking over the 2nd Team from Dave Jackson, Dave also took on the role of ground secretary.
The Hawkes and Grasshoppers both had new captains Ian Wood and Steve Russell respectively and Peter Wells retaining the Owls captaincy.  The Colts tour organizer became a committee position and Richard Able taking over the responsibility from Andy Biddle.
Annual Dinner 1987
The annual dinner was again held in the Pavilion on Friday 27th January with speeches being delivered by Chris Barber and Neil Gamble.  A toast was proposed by Bob Strachan to our guests and David Lycett from Wolverhampton C.C., made very humours response.
Interesting activities
W.N. (Neil) Houghton is elected as the new Treasurer of Warwickshire C.C.C. a post he goes on to hold 11 years.   The 3rd Xl wins the M.C.C.C. Championship now sponsored and known as The Chesshire Gibson League.  The Colts tour Cambridgeshire & District in August with mixed success.
Annual Dinner 1988
The annual dinner was held at the Penns Hall Hotel on Friday 26th January with nearly a 100 members, officials and guests attended.  The highlight of the evening was the awards ceremony, with Andrew Luckhurst receiving the 1st team’s batting and bowling award.
Alan Jerman took the 2nd Xl batting award and Michael Mackey receiving the bowling award.  Steve Russell was voted “Clubman of the Year” and Ian Woods as captain of the 3rd Xl (The Hawks) was congratulated for the manner in the way the team had won the Chesshire Gibson League.
Annual General Meeting 1988
Very little change in the composition of the committee except that Paul O’Conner was leaving the district and D. Worsfold took up the fixture secretary’s file.
Review of the 1988 Season
The club start the year off by winning the Warwickshire Winter Six-a-Side indoor league, Geoff Pritchett was “Cricketer of the Year” by the Midland Club Cricket Conference.  The 2nd Team won the Warwickshire Sunday League and the 3rd Team (the Hawks) won the M.C.C.C. league championship.  A joint 3rd Team of Hawks & Grasshoppers won the Jubilee Shield.  Mick Hooper was selected by the M.C.C Conference to play in their side against Chedworth Cricket Club, a village in the Cotswold, who were celebrating the Club’s centenary.  Mick scoring 100 runs and was not out.
Annual General Meeting 1989
This year’s AGM on produced a few minor changes in the committee with some of the captains standing down.  Alan Jerman replacing John Dodge in the 2nd Team, Steve Russell took over the Hawks and retained the Grasshopper’s captaincy with Hugo Russell taking the responsibility for the Owls.
The meeting took an unusual step in electing three new life members, two umpires Peter Bell and Phil Berry for their service to the club and for their honest officiating and respected decision by the club and opposition alike over many years.  A similar honour was bestowed on Neil Houghton for his many years as an outstanding player and his official administration activities within the Club and for the Warwickshire County Club.
Sutton Coldfield Sunday 2nd Xl 1988 & 1989
Winners of the Sunday 2nd Xl League Championship in the two Seasons
Standing back row L to R: - Harry Walker (scorer) Richard Jerman; Maurice Watts; Jonathan Miller; Justine Roy; Mark Jerman; Chris Munn; The Umpire not Known.
Seated L to R; - Adrian Colledge; Ken Lancaster; Chris Barber, captain; Bob Strachan; Mick Hooper.
Subscriptions 1989
Full Membership          £50.00
18 - 21£35.00
A £10.00 discount may be deducted from the above subscriptions if paid prior to 31st May.
Unemployed £12.50
Non-playing Members£12.50
Match Fees 1989
Top GroundBottom Ground
Full Members (inc. 18 - 21) £3.00£2.50
Students (in full time Education
i.e., not still at School)Full Match Fee No Subscription
U18/Unemployed£1.50£1.50
Annual Dinner
A new venue was available with an attractive hire charge for our annual dinner on Friday 1st February at the Aston Wood Golf Club.  The main Speaker was Andy Lloyd Captain of Warwickshire County Cricket Club who proposed a toast to Sutton C.C.C. with replies by Neil Houghton and Mike Hepburn proposing a toast to the guest which was replied by Nattrass
Overseas Professional.
Stephen (Steve) Guy Peall a young 19-year-old cricketer from Zimbabwe, born in Salisbury (now Harare) and joins the club as our first overseas professional.  He was a right arm off spin bowler and a left hand lower-order batsman who went on to play in 4 test matches for Zimbabwe and 21 One Day International between 1992 and 1996.  His four Test caps were unremarkable, with a best of 2 for 89 against Pakistan at Karachi.
Note; - While visiting the UK in 2016 Steve called into Rectory Park to renewed aquatints with many old players and friends
Review of the 1989 Season
The Midland Club Cricket Conference elected Andy Luckhurst “Cricketer of the Year”
The 2nd Xl win the Warwickshire Sunday League, and the 3rd Team (Hawks) win the M.C.C.C. Championship, for the third successive season, and the future starts to look very bright as the under 15’s wins the Warwickshire Under 15 League
1st Team Review
Geoff Hopkinson, who had joined the Sutton club in 1987 after 13 years as an opening batsman with Wolverhampton and also had a spell with Coventry & N.W. in the Birmingham League, commanded a very strong side, that is on paper.  He had the chairman Bob Strachan a fine all-rounder and the experience, of the former Sutton captain Mike Hepburn, a fast-scoring batsman and Graham Williamson, another ex-Sutton skipper, who also provided the impetus and support to boost the team with his hard-hitting style.
The team also had one of the top midlands allrounder in Andy Luckhurst, who in his eight years with the club has developed into a fine opening batsman and is currently enjoying a great campaign with bat and ball.  Also establishing a place as Andy opening batting partner is former Streetly player Chris Munn, who is a product of Bishop Vesey Grammar School and a rugby player for the Veseyans.
Old Reptonian, Jamie Ross, who has played for the club for the last 20 years, continued to score runs for the first team after leading the second XI to the championship in the 1979 season.  Making a big impact, not only as a wicket-keeper, but also a prolific run-maker is Sutton Town footballer Andy Biddle, while recent additions to the first team include seam bowler Adrian Colledge (ex-Coventry & NW), and Bob McGowan, yet another local soccer player with Parkfield.
Two former Aston Unity players, Paul Junkin and Don Collett have also been to the fore in Sutton's bowling attack, but are a little prone to injuries at times.  Sutton has for its first time gone overseas for a young professional – a Zimbabwean off spin bowler and hard-hitting left-handed batsman Steve Peall, who at 19, played for Harare Sports in his home country and is enjoying the experience of playing here and at the same time coaching Sutton's youth players.  He has also turned out for Warwickshire Imps and the Midlands Club Cricket Conference, although his main ambition is to play for Zimbabwe and perhaps a country side nest summer.   Other new comers to join the Sutton club is all-rounder Danny Longhorne who has decided to leave Four Oaks Saints and another all-rounder in Doug Hudson who has played for Durham, together with Lancashire second team batsman Phil Sutcliffe.
The Andrew Beach Memorial Trophy
To mark the passing of Andy Beach in 1986, Mike Hepburn organised a trophy in Andrew’s memory to be played in and internal competition and presented to the winning team. The idea was that whenever there was an internal competition between the two clubs - cricket and hockey, the trophy would be presented to the winning captain before being returned to the Bar for safe keeping.  To mark the first occasion a game of cricket was organised between the current 1st Team and a team of old player drawn up by the Chairman, Bob Strachan, with the current first team running out winners.  On New Year’s Day 1st January 1990, the Cricket Club accepted a challenge from the Hockey Club for a game of hockey on the grass pitch outside the pavilion which the hockey club duly won.